GOOD EVENING EVERYONE
AND WELCOME TO NOVEMBER 20
MEETING AT THE ANN ARBOR CITY
COUNCIL.
IF YOU'RE ABLE PLEASE RISE AND
JOIN US FOR A MOMENT OF SILENCE
FOLLOWED BY THE PLEDGE
OF ALLEGIANCE
.
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH
IT STANDS ONE NATION UNDER GOD,
INDIVISIBLE LIBERTY AND JUSTICE
FOR ALL BUT OUR CLERK PLEASE
CALL THE ROLE OF COUNSEL
HUNTSMAN IS HERE.
COUNCILMAN HARRISON HERE TELLS
ME A SONG HERE COMES FROM A
DENHA UPSET CUSTOMER WATSON
HERE TELLS ME ABOUT THE ODD ONE
HERE.
MAYOR TAYLOR HERE COMES WE'RE
IRE HERE BECAUSE WE'RE ACKMANN
ABSENT COUNCILMAN BRIGGS ABSENT
COUNCILMAN CORNELL HERE WE HAVE
A QUORUM THE MOTION PLEASE TO
REMOVE THE JEDA.
YEAH, LET'S HAVE LET'S LET'S
ROLL WITH APPROVED TODAY THE
MOVE BY COUNCILMAN HERE SUCCUBI
CALIBER QUINNELL DISCUSSION
OF THE AGENDA ON FAVOR POSED.
THE AGENDA IS APPROVED.
DO WE HAVE COMMUNICATIONS TODAY
FROM OUR CITY ADMINISTRATOR?
>> NO, WE HAVE TO INTRODUCTIONS
TODAY THE FIRST IN OUR BI
MONTHLY INTRODUCTION
INFORMATION DOWNLOAD FROM OUR
INDOMITABLE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
OF THE DOWNTOWN DEVELOPMENT
AUTHORITY
MARCUS.
THANK YOU, MAYOR TAYLOR,
COUNCIL MEMBERS MR. TONY
MASCOTRY, I APPRECIATE THE
OPPORTUNITY TO BE HERE BEFORE
YOU TONIGHT AND I APPRECIATE
THE ONGOING OPPORTUNITY TO BE
HERE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH
ONGOING DENHA UPDATES.
>> SO MY AGENDA TONIGHT IS A
LITTLE BIT AMBITIOUS BUT I
PROMISE THAT I'M GOING TO BE
VERY BRIEF ON EACH OF THESE
MANY TOPICS TO START THE DAY
OPERATES TWO SEPARATE SYSTEMS
WE OPERATE A PARKING SYSTEM
UNDER AN AGREEMENT WITH THE
CITY OF ANN ARBOR AND WE
OPERATE A TAX INCREMENT
FINANCING SYSTEM WHICH IS OUR
BETTER KNOWN AS TIF SYSTEM
WHERE WE MAKE INFRASTRUCTURE
INVESTMENTS IN OUR DOWNTOWN.
SO WE'LL START WITH THE PARKING
SYSTEM.
SO BEGINNING ABOUT FIVE YEARS
AGO THE D.A. BEGAN INSTALLING
FENCING ON ALL OF OUR PARKING
FACILITIES.
WE STARTED AT THE ROOFTOP AND
WE'VE BEEN WORKING OUR WAY
DOWN.
SO THIS FALL WE COMPLETED THE
FINAL PHASE OF THAT FENCING.
SO NOW ALL OF OUR PARKING
FACILITIES HAVE FENCING ON ALL
LEVELS ABOVE ABOVE LEVEL TWO
WHICH WAS OUR GOAL THE DAY HAS
INVESTED ABOUT ONE POINT FOUR
MILLION DOLLARS IN FENCING AND
WE CONTINUE TO MONITOR THAT
FENCING NOW THROUGH OUR ONGOING
MAINTENANCE AND RESTORATION
PLANS.
>> BACK WHEN WE BEGAN THIS
FINAL PHASE OF FENCING, WE ALSO
WORKED WITH OUR PARTNERS AT
COMMUNITY MENTAL HEALTH TO
UPDATE THE ROOFTOPS SIGNAGE AND
TO ALSO ADD SIGNAGE ON SOME
OF THE LOWER LEVELS.
AND I WOULD BE REMISS IF I
DIDN'T POINT OUT THAT IF YOU OR
ANYONE YOU KNOW IS IN CRISIS
THERE IS HELP AVAILABLE 24/7 BY
EITHER TEXTING OR DIALING NINE
EIGHT EIGHT.
SO OUR PARKING RATE STUDY THIS
THIS STUDY HAS COMPLETED ITS
STUDY AND ANALYSIS PHASE AND
RIGHT NOW AS FAR AS THE PROCESS
GOES, I'M GOING TO DIRECT YOUR
ATTENTION TO THE ORANGE
HIGHLIGHTED BOX FOR DECEMBER.
SO OUR PARKING RATE STUDY RIGHT
NOW IS IN THE PHASE WHERE AT
OUR DECEMBER DENHA BOARD
MEETING WE WILL BE PUTTING
FORTH THOSE RATES THE PROPOSED
RATES TO THE PUBLIC
AND WE WILL
BE MAKING AN ANNOUNCEMENT THAT
WE WILL BE HAVING A PUBLIC
HEARING.
THERE WILL BE A PUBLIC HEARING
IN FEBRUARY AT THE MARCH 27TH
BOARD MEETING.
THE BOARD WILL VOTE ON THE
PROPOSED SLATE OF RATES THAT
YOU ALL SAW AT YOUR JOINT DENHA
CITY WORK SESSION LAST MONTH.
IF THE BOARD DOES APPROVE THOSE
RATES IN MAY, THE NEW PARKING
RATES WOULD BE IMPLEMENT IT.
AND I SHOULD SAY THAT FOR THE
PUBLIC YOU DO NOT NEED TO COME
TO A PUBLIC HEARING TO PROVIDE
US WITH FEEDBACK.
YOU CAN CALL THE D.A. YOU CAN
SEND AN EMAIL TO THE D.A. AND
ALL OF THIS INFORMATION IF YOU
GO TO A TWO DOG ON OUR HOME
PAGE IS A BIG ANNOUNCEMENT
SAYING PUBLIC HEARING IN
FEBRUARY LINKS TO ALL THE
INFORMATION SO ENCOURAGE
ANYBODY TO CHECK THAT OUT IF
YOU HAVE INTEREST ARE CURBSIDE
MANAGEMENT STUDY BEGINNING IN
TWENTY TWENTY TWO WE UNDERTOOK
WE BEGAN THE WORKINGS OF A
CURBSIDE MANAGEMENT STUDY.
WE ARE NOW WRAPPING THAT STUDY
UP AND TONIGHT I JUST WANTED TO
POINT OUT A FEW OF THE FINDINGS
FROM THAT STUDY.
SO FIRST, ANN ARBOR IS ALREADY
MEETING MANY BEST PRACTICES AT
THE CURB.
THE CONSULTANT TEAM THAT WE'RE
WORKING WITH IS DOING CURBSIDE
WORK FOR CITIES ACROSS THE
COUNTRY.
WHAT THEY HAVE FOUND HERE IN
ANN ARBOR IS SOME OF THE
INFRASTRUCTURE WORK THAT WE
HAVE ALREADY DONE DOWNTOWN HAS
HELPED US MAKE STRIDES IN
BALANCING THOSE COMPETING NEEDS
NEEDS AT THE CURBSIDE.
>> AND THIS IS NOT TO SAY THAT
WE ARE DONE.
THIS IS NOT TO SAY THAT WE
DON'T HAVE A LOT OF WORK TO DO
BUT WHAT IT IS IT IS SAYING IS
THAT WE ARE MOVING IN THE RIGHT
DIRECTION.
>> SO WE WERE ENCOURAGED TO
HEAR THAT UTILIZATION AFTER
6:00 P.M. AT OUR METERS IS
HIGH.
THIS IS A TIME WHEN WE DON'T
HAVE ENFORCEMENT.
THERE ARE A SIGNIFICANT NUMBER
OF SHORT TERM STAYS AT OUR
CURBSIDE.
MOST OF OUR METERS DOWNTOWN
HAVE A TWO HOUR TIME LIMIT.
MOST PEOPLE AREN'T STAYING FOR
TWO HOURS AS A MATTER OF FACT,
WE'RE SEEING MANY STAYS UNDER
15 MINUTES.
SO THAT'S SOMETHING WE HAVE TO
LOOK AT.
COMMERCIAL LOADING ZONES ARE
NOT ALWAYS OCCUPIED BY
COMMERCIAL VEHICLES.
WE'RE SEEING MUCH DIFFERENT
ACTIVITY IN THOSE LOADING ZONES
AND THEN IN TERMS OF OUR
ENFORCEMENT STRATEGY, GIVEN THE
COMPLEXITIES THAT WE'RE SEEING
AT THE CURBSIDE CHANGING NEED,
IT'S TIME FOR US TO LOOK AT OUR
CURBSIDE ENFORCEMENT STRATEGY
TO MAKE SURE THAT WE'RE ABLE TO
MEET DEMAND AS THEY CONTINUE TO
CHANGE.
>> SO THE RECOMMENDATIONS FROM
THIS STUDY ARE DIVIDED INTO
THREE DIFFERENT PHASES.
>> WE'VE GOT IMMEDIATE
NEAR-TERM AND LONGER TERM
TONIGHT I'M JUST GOING TO TALK
A LITTLE BIT ABOUT SOME OF THE
IMMEDIATE RECOMMENDATIONS
UPDATING RATES ALREADY UNDERWAY
WITH THAT OUR NEXT PRIORITY IS
TAKING A COMPREHENSIVE LOOK AT
ALL OF OUR ON STREET ADA SPACES
BEGINNING IN JANUARY WE ARE
GOING TO BE LOOKING AT EACH
INDIVIDUAL BLOCK PERIMETER AND
ADDING ADA SPACES WHERE
FEASIBLE.
THERE ARE LOTS OF DIFFERENT
CONSTRAINTS THAT WE HAVE TO
FACTOR IN DOWNTOWN BUT OUR GOAL
IS TO MAKE SURE THAT WE ARE
EITHER MEETING OR EXCEEDING THE
NEW FEDERAL GUIDELINES FOR THE
QUANTITY OF ADA SPACES THAT WE
ARE TO HAVE ON STREET.
AND FINALLY IN TWENTY TWENTY
FOUR WE WILL ALSO BE WORKING
WITH OUR PARTNERS AT THE CITY
TO TALK ABOUT ENFORCEMENT AND
HOW ENFORCEMENT CAN HELP US
MEET SOME OF THESE NEAR-TERM
AND LONGER TERM GOALS.
SO NOW I'M GOING TO SWITCH
GEARS AND MOVE OVER TO THE
SYSTEM OUR INFRASTRUCTURE
SYSTEM SO RIGHT NOW THE DDA IS
UNDERWAY IN COLLABORATION WITH
THE CITY TRANSPORTATION
DEPARTMENT ON A CIRCULATION
STUDY.
THIS CIRCULATION STUDY HAS FOUR
MAIN AREAS OF FOCUS LOW STRESS
BIKEWAY CONNECTION TRANSIT
STREETS, THE RESTORATION OF TWO
WAY TRAFFIC ON FIFTH AND
DIVISION AND EVENT STREETS AND
THE RECOMMENDATION FROM THIS
STUDY ARE GOING TO HELP US
DETERMINE HOW OUR STREETS HELP
SUPPORT OUR CITY GOALS AND THEY
WILL ALSO THESE RECOMMENDATIONS
WILL LEAD TO PROJECT PRIORITIES
FOR THE DAY AS WE LOOK TO
UPDATE OUR DEVELOPMENT PLAN.
>> MISS THOMPSON, IF I MAY
PLEASE KEEP YOUR SIGN DOWN
BELOW SHOULDER LEVEL SO THAT
PEOPLE BEHIND YOU ARE NOT
BLOCKED.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, MISS
THOMPSON.
>> THANK YOU.
SO THE CIRCULATION STUDY HAS
BASICALLY JUST GOT UNDERWAY.
OUR CONSULTANT TEAM RIGHT NOW
IS WORKING ON DATA COLLECTION
UNDERSTANDING OUR CURRENT
PROJECT OUTCOMES AND EXISTING
CONDITIONS.
I'M NOT GOING TO GO INTO
EVERYTHING ON THIS SLIDE.
I JUST WANT TO POINT OUT ONE
PARTICULAR SAFETY OUTCOME THAT
I THINK IS PARTICULARLY
RELEVANT CRASHES RESULTING IN
SERIOUS INJURY HAVE DECREASED
BY 40 FOUR PERCENT FOR ALL
USERS ON BIKEWAY STREETS.
AND I THINK ONE OF THE
SIGNIFICANT PIECES OF THIS IS
THE FACT THAT BIKING HAS REALLY
INCREASED ON THOSE STREETS SO
ARE OUR SAFETY NUMBERS ARE
IMPROVING EVEN EVEN WITH SEEING
MORE PEOPLE BIKING.
SO WE HAVE A COMPLETE OUTCOMES
REPORT ON OUR WEBSITE, OTHER
PEOPLE FROM THE STREETS IF YOU
HAVE INTEREST IN LEARNING MORE,
I ENCOURAGE TO GO TO THAT
FOURTH APP STREET IN TRANSIT
IMPROVEMENT PROJECT.
THIS IS A COLLABORATION BETWEEN
THE CITY THE DENHA AND THE
DENHA IS ALSO WORKING WITH THE
HOUSING COMMISSION TO SEE HOW
WE CAN SUPPORT INFRASTRUCTURE
WORK FOR THEIR PROJECT AT THREE
FIFTY S FIFTH.
THIS PROJECT IS ANTICIPATED TO
GET UNDERWAY IN TWENTY TWENTY
SIX AND THE GOALS OF THIS
PROJECT ARE TO CREATE A BLOCK
OF FOURTH AV THAT IS SAFE AND
COMFORTABLE FOR PEDESTRIANS
PARTICULARLY THOSE PEOPLE
TAKING THE BUS IN TO IMPROVE
TRANSIT OPERATIONS AT BLAK.
SO BECAUSE OF THE GOALS OF THIS
STUDY OR OF THIS PROJECT I
SHOULD SAY WE I'M PLEASED TO
REPORT THAT WE RECEIVED AN
EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLAR
GRANT IN PLACEMAKING FROM THE
MEDICI AND FINALLY IT IS TIME
FOR THE DENHA TO TALK ABOUT
RENEWING AND UPDATING OUR
DEVELOPMENT PLAN AND OUR TEF
PLAN.
SO OUR STRATEGY FOR UPDATING
OUR PLAN IS REALLY TO
COORDINATE AND LEVERAGE CURRENT
CURRENT STUDIES THAT ARE
UNDERWAY IN ADDITION TO THAT WE
ARE LOOKING AT DYNAMIC DATA
SOURCES TO HELP US REALLY
UNDERSTAND WHAT THESE DOWNTOWN
PLANS ARE GOING TO TELL US AND
WE'RE ALSO WORKING WITH OUR
PARTNERS AT THE CITY TO CREATE
A BASE LEVEL OF SERVICE
DOCUMENT.
SO WE ARE CONFIRMING WHO IS
DOING WHAT IN OUR DOWNTOWN AND
WHERE CAN THE D.A. DO MORE?
THAT IS ALL I HAVE.
I WISH YOU ALL A PEACEFUL
HOLIDAY AND I WILL SEE YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WE NOW HAVE THE PODIUM FOR THE
THE ANN ARBOR PUBLIC ART
COMMISSION.
TWENTY TWENTY THREE GOLDEN
PAINTBRUSH AWARD NANCY MARGOLIS
AND EVERYONE ASSOCIATED YEAH
RIGHT.
WAS ASKING FOR THE BEST WITH
GOODHEW MIGHT BE ON THE MIGHT
BE ON THE WRITTEN IF THERE'S A
WRITTEN AGENDA AROUND IT MIGHT
BE ON THAT SO I WOULD HEAR YOU
CAN YOU ARE OH THANK YOU SIR.
I SEEM TO HAVE
YOUR NO THANK
YOU.
>> ALL RIGHT SCOOCH ON THIS WAY
SO THAT I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE
THAT'S A LITTLE BLOCKING.
SO AS WE ARE WE HAVE OVER THE
COURSE OF MANY YEARS HAS
CELEBRATED PUBLIC ART
THROUGHOUT OUR COMMUNITY.
I THE BEAUTIFICATION OF ANN
ARBOR IS IS AN INCREDIBLY
IMPORTANT PART OF CREATING A
SPACE WHERE RESIDENTS AND
VISITORS CAN CAN COME AND KNOW
THAT THEY ARE IN IN A WELCOMING
LOCATION LOCATION THAT VALUES
VALUES, PLACE VALUES, ENGAGE IN
VALUES.
THE PLURALITY AND THAT IS WHY I
AM PARTICULARLY DELIGHTED THIS
CYCLE TO PRESENT THE THE GOLDEN
PAINTBRUSH AWARD TO NANCY
MARGOLIS AND HER TEAM.
I'M INFERRING WITH RESPECT TO
EMBRACING OUR DIFFERENCES
MICHIGAN EMBRACING OUR
DIFFERENCES, MICHIGAN WHICH WE
WILL SHORTLY HEAR ABOUT IS AN
INCREDIBLY EXCITING
INSTALLATION WHICH WE'VE HAD
NEAR TELAPAK AND IT HAS
EXEMPLIFIED TRULY SOME OF THE
BEST THAT WE HAVE IT IN ARBER
AND SO MANY OF OUR GOALS.
CONGRATULATIONS YOU VERY MUCH
FEEL VERY HONORED BY THIS AWARD
BECAUSE IT REALLY WELL IN THESE
VERY HORRIFIC TIMES IT CONFIRMS
THE WORK THAT WE'RE DOING.
EMBRACING OUR DIFFERENCES IS AN
ART AND EDUCATION PROGRAM TO
PROMOTE AND CELEBRATE DIVERSITY
INCLUSION AND WE'RE JUST SO
VERY PLEASED TO SEE THIS KIND
OF RECOGNITION AS I'D LIKE TO
INTRODUCE MY COLLEAGUES XRAYED
WHO IS THE DIRECTOR EDUCATION
DIRECTOR THEN STEROLS IS THE
ART DIRECTOR AND THIS IS OUR
PROJECT DIRECTOR AS WELL.
WE'RE DELIGHTED TO BE HERE AND
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THIS
AWARD AT FIRST.
AND IN ADDITION, I'D LIKE TO
THANK THE CITY FOR THE USE
OF PARK.
IT HAS BEEN WONDERFUL AND THE
PARKS DEPARTMENT AND JOSH
LANDEFELD HAS BEEN FABULOUS TO
WORK WITH.
SO THANK YOU ALL VERY, VERY
GOOD
.
YEAH,
WE NOW COME TO PUBLIC
COMMENT PUBLIC COMMENT
, RESERVE
TIME, PUBLIC COMMENT.
RESERVE TIME IS AN OPPORTUNITY
FOR MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC TO
SPEAK TO COUNCIL AND THE
COMMUNITY ABOUT MATTERS
OF MUNICIPAL INTEREST TO SPEAK
AT PUBLIC COMMENT RESERVE TIME
ONE NEEDS TO HAVE SIGNED UP IN
ADVANCE BY CONTACTING YOUR CITY
CLERK SPEAKERS IN ALL INSTANCES
WILL HAVE THREE MINUTES IN
WHICH TO SPEAK SO PLEASE PAY
CLOSE ATTENTION TO THE TIME OUR
CLERK WILL NOTIFY YOU IN THIRTY
SECONDS REMAINING AND WHEN YOUR
TIME HAS EXPIRED WHEN YOUR TIME
IS EXPIRED PLEASE CONCLUDE YOUR
REMARKS AND CEDE THE FLOOR.
OUR FIRST SPEAKER TODAY IS
ELIZABETH TOLERANT.
HI THERE.
MY NAME'S ELIZABETH RUTH.
I'M CURRENT JUNIOR IN CELL
BIOLOGY AND ECOLOGY AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN, ALSO
STUDENT IN THE STUDENT
CARBON NEUTRALITY NETWORK.
SO THIS IS A NETWORK OF ABOUT
20 YOUTH AND STUDENT
ORGANIZATIONS THAT ARE ALIGNED
FOR A JUST TRANSITION TO
CARBON NEUTRALITY.
I'VE GROWN UP IN MICHIGAN AND I
HAVE INTENSE LOVE FOR ANN ARBOR
BEYOND THE ENERGY OF THE
UNIVERSITY, THE CITY HAS A
UNIQUE BLEND OF PEOPLE AND
PERSPECTIVES THAT ARE FILLED
WITH SO MUCH CARE FOR THIS
PLACE.
AND ALTHOUGH I FELT THE IMPACTS
CLIMATE CHANGE ELSEWHERE IT
FELT LIKE ANN ARBOR WAS
PROTECTED.
BUT THIS SUMMER I WORE A NINETY
FIVE MASK WHILE WILDFIRE SMOKE
BURNED MY EYES AND CAUSED
COUGHING FITS WHILE I WORKED
OUTSIDE AN ECOLOGICAL
RESTORATION EVERY DAY TRYING TO
PROTECT THE HEALTH OF OUR SOILS
AND OUR WATERS HERE IN ARBOR
THE PREVIOUS FEELING OF BEING A
SAFE PLACE FROM CLIMATE CHANGE
QUICKLY DISAPPEARED.
THIS ENCOURAGED ME TO TAKE
DEEPER DOVE INTO LOCAL WAYS
THAT I COULD HELP FIGHT CLIMATE
CHANGE AND CLEAN ENERGY IS AT
THE TOP OF THAT LIST AS I READ
MORE ABOUT OTHER AREAS IN THE
COUNTRY THAT HAVE COMMERCIAL
BUILDINGS EVEN MULTIFAMILY
HOUSING THAT ARE ALL ELECTRIC,
I WONDERED WHY ISN'T THE TOWN
THAT I LOVE DOING THIS TOO?
I REALLY APPRECIATE PREVIOUS
ACTION BY THE CITY COUNCIL TO
ADOPT A CLIMATE EMERGENCY
DECLARATION AND COMMIT TO A
PATH TO CARBON NEUTRALITY BY
2030 AND I PERSONALLY BEEN
INVOLVED IN THE WORK OF THE
ZERO CARBON NEUTRALITY PLAN.
ANOTHER EXCITING INITIATIVE AND
ANN ARBOR HAS EVEN APPROVED
THREE MULTIFAMILY ALL ELECTRIC
DEVELOPMENTS.
HOWEVER STRONGER ACTION IS
NEEDED TO DECISIVELY SHIFT NEW
CONSTRUCTION TO FULL
ELECTRIFICATION BY ENACTING A
MORATORIUM ON THE USE OF GAS
AND NEW MULTIFAMILY COMMERCIAL
CONSTRUCTION UNTIL
ELECTRIFICATION INCENTIVES ARE
IN PLACE.
WE CAN START ON A CLEANER PATH
RIGHT AWAY.
WE MUST DISCOURAGE THE USE
OF NATURAL GAS FOR HEATING NEW
DEVELOPMENT AND INSTEAD SET
TRULY EFFECTIVE AND ACCOUNTABLE
INCENTIVES TO ENCOURAGE ALL
ELECTRIC NEW CONSTRUCTION WITH
PREVIOUS RESOLUTIONS SUCH AS
IDENTIFYING INCENTIVES TO
INCREASE EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS.
WE JUST NEED MORE SPECIFIC
RECOMMENDATIONS FOR FULL
ELECTRIFICATION OF MULTIFAMILY
AND COMMERCIAL NEW CONSTRUCTION
.
I BELIEVE IN THE STRENGTH AND
PASSION OF THIS TOWN AND WE ARE
ABSOLUTELY ON THE RIGHT TRACK
BUT WE NEED STRONGER INCENTIVES
AND MORE SPECIFIC GUIDELINES TO
ENSURE THAT OUR ACTIONS ARE THE
MOST EFFECTIVE.
I HEAR FROM EVERY EVERY DAY
FROM OTHER STUDENTS JUST HOW
MUCH CLIMATE ANXIETY AFFECTS
OUR EVERYDAY EXPERIENCE.
IT'S DIFFICULT TO ENJOY THE
MAGIC OF COLLEGE EXPERIENCE
WHEN YOU CONSTANTLY FEEL
CLIMATE CHANGE INFRINGING ON
YOUR FUTURE.
SO LET'S TAKE THE NEXT STEP TO
FIND CLIMATE CHANGE THROUGH
EFFECTIVE ELECTRIFICATION
TOGETHER.
THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS EDWARD
TRAGER.
HELLO EVERYONE.
THANK YOU.
MAYOR TAYLOR AND COUNCIL
MEMBERS.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALLOWING
ME THE OPPORTUNITY TO SPEAK
TONIGHT.
IN THE LAST FORTY FOUR DAYS
SINCE THE HAMAS ATTACK ON
OCTOBER 7TH, THE STATE
OF ISRAEL HAS SLAUGHTERED 13
THOUSAND CIVILIANS IN GAZA
INCLUDING FIVE THOUSAND FIVE
HUNDRED CHILDREN OVER THREE
THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED WOMEN.
IT IS ALSO MURDER TWO HUNDRED
MEDICAL PERSONNEL AND
SLAUGHTERED FIFTY ONE
JOURNALISTS KILLED AT LEAST ONE
IN TWO UNITED NATIONS RELIEF
AND WORKS WORKS WORKS AGENCY
AID WORKERS ONE AND TWO HUNDRED
PEOPLE IN GAZA ARE NOW GONE
FOREVER.
ENTIRE FAMILIES HAVE BEEN WIPED
FROM THE FACE OF THE EARTH
INCLUDING FIFTY MEMBERS OF MY
OWN FATHER IN LAW'S EXTENDED
FAMILY IN GAZA.
THIS IS INSANITY.
THIS IS A MASSACRE.
THIS IS GENOCIDE AND OVER
TWENTY NINE THOUSAND EIGHT
HUNDRED PEOPLE SEVENTY PERCENT
OF THEM CHILDREN HAVE BEEN
INJURED AND WHEN WE SAY PEOPLE
HAVE BEEN INJURED WE SHOULD
LOOK AT WHAT THOSE INJURIES
LOOK LIKE.
WE SHOULD CLARIFY IT.
CHILDREN WHO NO LONGER HAVE
ARMS AND LEGS, BABIES WHO WILL
NEVER LEARN TO WALK BECAUSE
THEY HAVE NO LEGS ANYMORE,
CHILDREN CRYING FOR THEIR
PARENTS WHO ARE BURIED UNDER
RUBBLE, CHILDREN FORCED TO DIG
THEM SELVES OUT OF RUBBLE FROM
THEIR DEMOLISHED HOMES WITH
THEIR OWN BARE HANDS.
I CANNOT EVEN IMAGINE THE
LIFELONG IMPACT THAT THIS
TRAUMA WILL HAVE ON THOSE WHO
ARE LUCKY TO HAVE SURVIVED.
CAN YOU MY FRIENDS, CAN YOU
IMAGINE WHAT LIFE WILL BE LIKE
FOR THESE PEOPLE AND HOW ARE
THESE CHILDREN KILLED AND
INJURED AND CIVILIANS BY
ISRAELI BOMBS AND MISSILES?
WE THIS BOMBS MADE HERE IN THE
UNITED STATES WEAPONRY PAID FOR
BY ALL OF OUR COLLECTIVE TAXES
.
>> FORBES REPORTS THAT THE US
DEFENSE STOCKS HAVE SURGED 30
BILLION DOLLARS SINCE
OCTOBER 7TH.
ISN'T WAR AND GENOCIDE SUCH A
LOVELY ENTERPRISE THE FINANCIAL
BACKBONE OF OUR COUNTRY IS SO
STRONG AND VIBRANT BUT OUR
MORALITY HAS BEEN MEAC IT TO
THE BONE BY A CHRONIC WASTING
DISEASE.
>> SO FRIENDS WHAT ARE WE GOING
TO DO AND WHAT ARE WE GOING TO
DO?
>> WHAT CAN WE DO NEED I EVEN
SAY THE LEAST THIS ESTEEMED
CITY COUNCIL CAN DO IS ISSUE A
DEMAND.
>> THANK YOU.
ISSUE DEMAND FOR AN IMMEDIATE
CEASE FIRE, COMPLETE DIVESTMENT
FROM ISRAEL AND THIRDLY NO
COMPENSATION OR PROSECUTION
OF STUDENTS OR ANY OTHER
RESIDENTS ASSEMBLING AND
SPEAKING OUT ABOUT ISRAELI
CRIMES.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS FARAD
IBRAHIM
.
>> MY APOLOGIES.
THANK YOU
, CALLER WITH THE
PHONE NUMBER ENDING IN FOUR OR
FIVE THREE, DO YOU HAVE A
COMMENT WHILE THERE IS NO
SPEAKER AT THE PODIUM IF THEY
SIGN HOLDERS COULD RESUME THEIR
PRIOR POSITIONS AT THEIR SEATS,
PLEASE HOLDING THEIR SIGNS
DOWN.
I'M INFERRING THAT YOU ARE WITH
THE SPEAKER AND SO THEREFORE
IT'S OK TO COME AND BE WITH THE
SPEAKER WHILE THE SPEAKER
WISHES TO HAVE YOU HERE IN THE
ABSENCE OF THE SPEAKER AT
PRESENT IF YOU COULD PLEASE SIT
WITH YOUR SCIENCE MR. IBRAHIM,
PLEASE MUTE YOUR PHONE.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
YEAH.
GOOD EVENING TO ALL THE MEDIA
COUNCIL MEMBERS AND THE
COMMUNITY.
I'M A HEALTH CARE WORKER FROM
THE AUDIENCE.
I'VE BEEN HERE FOR THE LAST
TWENTY YEARS AND I WOULD LIKE
TO JUST ECHOED THE SENTIMENTS
OF THE PREVIOUS WITHOUT
MENTIONING ANY FURTHER
STATISTICS.
I THINK IT HAVE BEEN MENTIONED
BY THE PREVIOUS SPEAKER, JOHN
ELUCIDATES IN RELATION TO THE
BRUTALITY AND THE UNPARALLELED
DESTRUCTION THE PROBLEM PEOPLE
ARE FACING AT THIS POINT IN
TIME IN THEIR APPROACH THEY
HAVE REALLY NO REAL AT ALL TO
DO OTHER THAN TO BE OPTING FOR
BASIC HUMAN RIGHTS, BASIC
DIGNITY AND THE NORMAL EVERYDAY
NECESSITY AND STANDARDS
OF LIVING THAT YOU AND I AND
EVERYBODY HERE TONIGHT WANT FOR
ALL THEIR LOVED ONES, FOR ALL
THE COMMUNITIES SO THEY ARE NOT
GREAT AT ALL AND WHAT DO THEY
GET IN RESPONSE TO AN
IMPRISONMENT IN AN AREA THAT IS
NOT MORE THAN ONE HUNDRED FORTY
MILES AND IF I'M NOT MISTAKEN
IT MAY BE A LITTLE DIFFERENT
GEOGRAPHICALLY SPEAKING BUT THE
PEOPLE WHO VOTED FOR THE THEY
ARE IMPRISONED IN AN AREA FROM
WHICH THEY CANNOT ESCAPE THE
DESTRUCTION AND HAVE BEEN FOR
THE LAST FORTY FIVE DAYS
HANDING DOWN OF THEM FROM
DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS FOR THE
INTERNATIONAL RELIEF
ORGANIZATIONS AND THE WORLD
HEALTH ORGANIZATION AS WELL AS
THE UNITED NATIONS OFFICIALLY
OUT AND FOR NOW THAT THIS AREA
IS IN THIS AREA IS AN FOR FOR
DAILY OCCUPATION OF THESE POOR
PEOPLE.
>> BUT THEY HAVE BEEN ASKING
THE WHOLE WORLD TO THAT THERE'S
A GENOCIDE UNFOLDING IN FRONT
OF THE ARAB AND MOST OF OUR
EUROPEAN NATIONS, INCLUDING OUR
BELOVED UNITED STATES LEADERS
HAVE BEEN IGNORING THESE
REQUESTS FOR PEACE AND FOR THE
OPENING OF HUMANITARIAN
CORRIDORS.
SECOND TO HEALTH AND MEDICAL
MEDICAL SUPPLIES
.
SO EVERYBODY HERE TONIGHT JOIN
ME THE CALL TO END THE GENOCIDE
ASK FOR CEASE FIRE AND ASK HIM
WHAT HUMANITARIAN CORRIDOR TO
ALLOW MEDICAL ACCESS.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS SHEAMUS
GIULIANI ZAKANI.
THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
LETTING ME SPEAK.
I AM HERE TONIGHT LIKE SO MANY
OF US HERE TONIGHT TO SPEAK TO
A NEED TO ADVOCATE AND PUSH FOR
A CEASE FIRE IN GAZA AND TO
STOP THE CONSTANT BOMBARDMENT
OF INNOCENTS CIVILIANS BY THE
ISRAELI MILITARY AND TO
CONTINUE TO PROMOTE THE
LIBERATION OF THE PALESTINIAN
PEOPLE.
ACCORDING TO A RECENT POLL, THE
GREAT MAJORITY OVER SEVENTY ONE
PERCENT OF MICHIGAN DEMOCRATS
SUPPORT AN IMMEDIATE CEASE
FIRE, A STATISTIC THAT IS
REFLECTED THROUGH THE ACTIONS
WITHIN OUR OWN COMMUNITY.
THERE HAVE BEEN MULTIPLE
PROTESTS IN THE ANIBA AND
GREATER WASHTENAW COUNTY AREA
IN THE PAST FEW MONTHS THAT
CALL FOR IMMEDIATE CEASE FIRE
AND AN END TO COMPLICITY IN THE
SENSELESS MURDER OF PALESTINIAN
MEN, WOMEN AND CHILDREN.
I URGE MEMBERS OF THE ANAPRA
CITY COUNCIL TO RESPOND TO THE
CALLS OF ITS COMMUNITY MEMBERS
AND DRAFT PLAN CALLING FOR
IMMEDIATE CEASE FIRE AS WELL AS
PUT FORWARD A PROCLAMATION
EXPRESSING SUPPORT AND
SOLIDARITY WITH THE PEOPLE
OF PALESTINE.
THESE ACTIONS WOULD FOLLOW THE
BRAVE FOOTSTEPS OF OTHER
MICHIGAN COUNCIL MEMBERS SUCH
AS DETROIT COUNCIL MEMBER
GABRIELLE SANTIAGO ROMERO AS
WELL AS THE HAMTRAMCK AND
DEARBORN CITY COUNCILS AND
STANDING FOR JUSTICE AND IN
UNITY WITH LOCAL COMMUNITY
MEMBER WHO HAVE BEEN LOUDLY
CALLING FOR AN END TO THE
CONTINUOUS AND INHUMANE
AIRSTRIKES IN GAZA TO DATE OVER
11000 PALESTINIANS HAVE BEEN
KILLED IN GAZA AND THIS NUMBER
IS ONLY INCREASING.
HOSPITALS, SCHOOLS AND REFUGEE
CAMPS HAVE ALL BEEN TARGETED.
NO PLACE IS CONSIDERED OFF
LIMITS AS INDIVIDUALS LIVING
INSIDE THE UNITED STATES WHICH
IS AN ENTITY THAT HAS BEEN
CONTINUOUSLY PROVIDING MILITARY
AND FINANCIAL AID TO THE
ISRAELI GOVERNMENT TO CARRY OUT
THIS GENOCIDE.
AND MAKE NO MISTAKE, THIS IS A
GENOCIDE AND ESPECIALLY AS
RESIDENTS OF MICHIGAN WHICH
HOLDS ONE OF THE LARGEST
ARAB-AMERICAN AND MUSLIM
POPULATIONS IN THE UNITED
STATES.
I BELIEVE THAT WE HAVE A
RESPONSIBILITY AND YOU
ESPECIALLY AS DEMOCRATIC
COUNCIL MEMBERS HAVE A
RESPONSIBILITY TO PUSH FOR A
CEASE FIRE AND DIVESTMENT AND
PLAY YOUR PART IN ENSURING THE
CONTINUED SURVIVAL AND
FLOURISHING OF THE PALESTINIAN
PEOPLE.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS GISEL
AURIGA BARRIO'S JAZELLE.
THANK YOU.
MY MY APOLOGIES.
HELLO COUNCIL.
MY NAME IS GISELLA REGARDLESS I
AM A STUDENT AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN EARNING MY MASTER'S
IN SOCIAL WORK AND I AM HERE TO
SPEAK TO YOU ALL TO THE MAN FOR
RESOLUTION ASKING FOR AN
IMMEDIATE CEASE FIRE IN GAZA.
THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR HAS A
HISTORY WITH THE PALESTINIAN
PEOPLE THERE BEEN A RESOLUTION
BEFORE IN TWENTY TWENTY ONE IN
WHICH THIS COUNCIL PASSED ONE
ZERO EIGHT SIX SEVEN RESOLUTION
FOUR CITY TO HOLD THE COMMUNITY
CONVERSATION ABOUT THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE AND
PALESTINIAN AMERICANS.
PRIOR TO THAT IN 2003 THIS
COUNCIL WAS ASKED TO OPPOSE US
MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL AND
BEFORE THAT IN NINETEEN EIGHTY
FOUR THOUSANDS OF RESIDENTS AND
OUR PETITION FOR A RESOLUTION
AGAINST AID TO ISRAEL.
YET HERE WE ARE TODAY AND I
STAND BEFORE YOU AND ASK WHAT
SIDE OF HISTORY WILL YOU BE ON?
WE HAVE YET TO SEE A RESOLUTION
BE PRESENTED BEFORE THE
COUNCIL.
THERE'S NO INFORMATION THAT THE
PUBLIC HAS BEEN MADE AWARE OF .
NO CONVERSATIONS HAVE BEEN MADE
TO HEAL OUR COMMUNITIES.
WE ARE ALL HURTING.
I AM A PARTNER AND A DAUGHTER
OF A SURVIVOR OF THE
SALVADORIAN CIVIL WAR.
I WAS FUNDED AND ARMED BY THE
UNITED STATES AND THE ISRAELI
GOVERNMENT TO THIS DAY THEY
HAVE NOT ACKNOWLEDGED THE
SEVENTY FIVE THOUSAND INNOCENT
LIVES THAT DIED BECAUSE OF THE
FUNDING OF WEAPONS FROM THE
ISRAELI GOVERNMENT AND THE
TRAINING FROM US MILITARY THAT
LED TO THE TWO LARGEST
MASSACRES IN THE SALVADORIAN
WAR.
I WILL NOT STAY SILENT ON THIS
MATTER BECAUSE I KNOW HOW MY
MOTHER SUFFERED FROM
DISPLACEMENT AND WATCHING HER
HOME BECOME A REBEL.
I REFUSE TO WATCH AS
POLITICIANS CONTINUE TO CHOOSE
MONEY OVER HUMANITY AS PEOPLE
WHO REPRESENT THE SPACES I AM
AND CHOOSE TO IGNORE THE
RESIDENTS THEY SERVE AND I
REFUSE TO ALLOW FOR A LACK
OF ACCOUNTABILITY FROM OUR
POLICE DEPARTMENT HAPPY LITTLE
IGNORE AND USE EXCESSIVE FORCE
ON PEACEFUL PROTESTERS.
I WILL NOT ALLOW FOR THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE TO BE
IGNORED THE WAY WE HAVE IGNORED
AND DISTORTED THE THE HISTORY
OF BLACK INDIGENOUS PEOPLE
OF COLOR COMMUNITIES HERE IN
OUR COUNTRY AND WITHIN MICHIGAN
AND WITHIN ANN ARBOR.
SO I STAND HERE AND ASK THIS
COUNCIL TO LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE
WHO KEEP CALLING THE PEOPLE ON
THE STREETS CHANTING THE
HISTORY ENABLE RESIDENTS WHO
WERE AND STILL ARE ASKING TO
DIVEST FROM THE MILITARY AID
FROM OUR GOVERNMENT AND
ACKNOWLEDGE THE GENOCIDE
OF PALESTINIANS.
I DEMAND FOR THERE TO BE ACTION
TAKEN.
I WILL HOLD YOU RESPONSIBLE AND
I DEMAND FOR A RESOLUTION
CALLING FOR AN IMMEDIATE CEASE
FIRE IN GAZA.
JUSTICIA IPASS THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS RUSHDI
FERAR.
YES.
HE DID NOT RECEIVE YOUR NAME
RIGHT.
HE CAN'T READ NAME RUSHDIE FOR
RUSHDIE FURRER OH OK OK.
FIRST OF ALL ON THE PHONE THE
CALLER IS SUPPOSED TO BE ON THE
PHONE MAHER BUT I DO NOT SEE
IF
RUSHDIE FARA IS ON THE PHONE.
PLEASE RAISE YOUR HAND.
CRESTAR NINE TO RAISE YOUR HAND
HERE I DON'T HAVE THIS CALLER
ON THE LINE.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER THEN IS
MARY GARTIN KIND OF SIGN
HOLDERS PLEASE RESUME THEIR
SEATS WHILE THE SPEAKER
SPEAKING.
HELLO, CHANGING THE TOPIC.
I'M MARY GARTIN AND I'M IN WARD
TWO.
HELLO.
MY ASK TODAY IS FOR POLICIES
THAT PROMOTE THE
ELECTRIFICATION OF NEW
CONSTRUCTION AND TO DISCOURAGE
THE USE OF METHANE.
I'M GOING TO TALK ABOUT METHANE
INSTEAD OF NATURAL GAS BECAUSE
ALTHOUGH THEY ARE THE SAME
THING A LOT OF PEOPLE SEEM TO
ASSUME THAT NATURAL GAS MEANS
IT'S OK WHEREAS METHANE THAT
LEAKS OVER 30 TIMES WORSE THAN
CO2.
SO THAT'S MY TERMINOLOGY.
FIRST, THANK YOU FOR THE STEPS
IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION FOUR
YEARS AGO YOU DECLARED A
CLIMATE EMERGENCY AND COMMITTED
TO ACHIEVING CARBON NEUTRALITY
BY 2030 THE TWO ZERO ROADMAP
YOU APPROVED WAS WELL THOUGHT
OUT GETTING INPUT FROM
STAKEHOLDERS IN MANY SETTINGS
OVER A LONG PERIOD AND MANY
THANKS TO MRS. STULTS IN THE
OFFICES OF SUSTAINABILITY FOR
THEIR WORK.
I STRONGLY SUPPORT THE REZONING
EFFORTS ALONG THE TRANSIT
CORRIDORS AS WE NEED MORE
AFFORDABLE HOUSING FOR THOSE
WHO WORK HERE AND EASY LESS
CARBON INTENSIVE WAYS FOR
PEOPLE TO GET AROUND IF THEY
CHOOSE THE NEW BIKE LANES ARE
OVERDUE AND APPRECIATED.
THERE ARE STILL STRETCHES THAT
MAKE A COMMUTE PRETTY A SCARY
ADVENTURE BUT ONCE THESE GAPS
ARE FILLED TO DR. SEUSS OH THE
PLACES WE CAN GO WITHOUT HAVING
TO OWN OR MAINTAIN A CAR THAT
IS SO PLEASE CONTINUE WITH
THESE EFFORTS AND QUICKLY NOW
WHERE WE ARE IN SHORT IT IS
YOUR PLAN ASSUMED THAT ALL
RESIDENTIAL AND COMMERCIAL
BUILDINGS WOULD BE BUILT TO
OPERATE WITHOUT MOVING.
HOWEVER, SINCE THE PLANS
ADOPTION THE CITY HAS APPROVED
TWENTY SEVEN DEVELOPMENT
PROJECTS THAT USE METHANE FOR
HEATING TURNING OVER TWO
MILLION SQUARE FEET.
NOW THESE FURNACES WILL HAVE A
USEFUL LIFE OF 15 TO 20 YEARS
OR MORE MAKING RETROFITTING
REALLY UNLIKELY AND IT'S ALSO
EXPENSIVE.
THE RUSSIANS USED TWENTY SEVEN
REALLY APPROVED DEVELOPMENTS
WILL BE SUBSTANTIAL SO MUCH SO
AS TO CANCEL OUT EMISSIONS
SAVINGS FROM THE CITY'S SOLAR
ICE PROGRAM.
THE PLANNED SOLAR AT CITY
FACILITIES AND THE PARK SOLAR
PROJECTS FOR MORE THAN A FACTOR
OF TWO SO I REPEAT THAT THESE
ARE OPTIONS CANCEL OUT THE SAME
THINGS WE HAVE IMPLEMENTED WITH
THE SOLAR ICE PROGRAM THE
PLANTS SOLAR CITY FACILITIES
AND THE PARKS SOLAR PROJECTS BY
A FACTOR OF TWO.
SO WE'VE GOT EMISSIONS
REDUCTIONS ON THE ONE HAND AND
ON THE OTHER HAND COMES IN
WIPING THEM ALL OUT BY A FACTOR
OF TWO.
SO WE'VE GOT TO STOP DOING
THAT, UNDERMINING OUR EFFORTS
AND BY ALLOWING MORE METHANE
INFRASTRUCTURE NEEDS TO STOP
NOW THERE ARE NO RESTRICTIONS
ON CONSTRUCTION AND RELYING ON
METHANE INFRASTRUCTURE NOR IS
THERE ANY PROGRAM YET THAT
INCENTIVIZES DEVELOPERS TO
SHIFT MORE CONSTRUCTION FROM
NOTHING TO ALL ELECTRIC IN THE
INTERIM WE NEED INCENTIVES FOR
NEW CONSTRUCTION TO BE ALL
ELECTRIC AT THE SAME TIME.
AS I MENTIONED LAST WEEK DTI IS
SAYING THAT THE STATE OF THE
ART FACILITY SUBSTATION AT
BRIARWOOD DOESN'T HAVE THE
CAPACITY FOR ELECTRIC AND
THAT'S UNACCEPTABLE.
THERE IS DEMAND, THERE NEEDS
SUPPLY BECAUSE THIS IS A
MONOPOLY UTILITY AND SO WE NEED
TO LOOK INTO THAT.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS MARCELO
ANWER
.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
MY NAME IS OFFICE TOMORROW.
I'M RETIRED AND OUR POLICE
OFFICER THAT HAS SERVED THE
DEPARTMENT FOR TWELVE YEARS.
DURING MY TENURE I WAS AN
OFFICER OF THE YEAR RECIPIENT.
I WAS ALSO A UNION
REPRESENTATIVE IN A RACIAL BIAS
INSTRUCTOR RESPONSIBLE FOR
TRAINING OFFICERS ALONG WITH
ADMINISTRATION OF RACIAL
EQUALITY AND UNBIASED POLICING.
TODAY I WOULD LIKE TO BRING TO
YOUR ATTENTION THE ALARMING
ACTIVITIES WITHIN THE ENTIRE
POLICE DEPARTMENT SINCE I'M NOW
RETIRED I'M NO LONGER BOUND BY
THE DEPARTMENT'S POLICY THAT
RESTRICTS ME FROM SPEAKING
NEGATIVELY ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT
AND A VIOLATION WHICH COULD
RESULT TO TERMINATION THEIR
EXISTING PRESSING ISSUES
INVOLVING SPECIFIC INDIVIDUALS
INCLUDING FORMER CHIEF METZER,
SERGEANT SCHAFER, ACTING
LIEUTENANT ANDY JENETTE,
LIEUTENANT MIKE SCHERBA IN OUR
CURRENT POLICE CHIEF PATRICK
MCGUIRE.
THESE ISSUES ENCOMPASS
RETALIATION, SEXISM, THEFT AND
CORRUPTION.
ONE NOTABLE INCIDENT INVOLVING
FORMER CHIEF AMY METRONET
EX-HUSBAND SERGEANT SCHAEFER
FAILING TO ADDRESS A HIGHLY
INTOXICATED DRIVER WHO WAS
THREE TIMES THE LEGAL LIMIT.
THE SUSPECT WAS INVOLVED IN A
CAR CRASH WITH ANOTHER VICTIM.
NOT ONLY DID THIS NOT ONLY DID
THEY PERSONALLY KNOW THE
SUSPECT, THEY FALSELY REPORTED
THAT THE DRIVER WAS NOT
INTOXICATED.
THE DRIVER WALKED AWAY WITH
ONLY A TICKET AND DIDN'T EVEN
GO TO THE HOSPITAL.
SHOCKINGLY, EVEN I SPOKE UP
ABOUT THE CORRUPTION SLASH
COVER UP DESPITE THIS BOTH WERE
PROMOTED INSTEAD OF FACING
CONSEQUENCES OR CRIMINAL
CHARGES MATTER TO CHIEF NOW THE
DIRECTOR OF SECURITY AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN AND HER
EX-HUSBAND NOW PROMOTED TO A
SERGEANT AT THE ENTIRE POLICE
DEPARTMENT AND NEVER
SIGNIFICANT OCCURRENCE
INVOLVING SERGEANT ANDREW DENHA
SEXUALLY HARASSED SUBORDINATES
IN SHARING PROMOTIONAL TEST
ANSWER FOR SPECIALTIES DENHA
DEPARTMENT WHICH WAS PROVEN
THROUGH INVESTIGATION HAD
MINIMAL REPERCUSSIONS.
ACTING LIEUTENANT ANDY JENETTE
WAS IMPLICATED AS A MAIN
SUSPECT IN THE THEFT OF A
POLICE ISSUED ASSAULT RIFLE
THAT WAS PUT THAT WAS PLACED IN
THE ATF DATABASE AS STOLEN IN
CASE OF DALLAS DEALING DENHA
THE POLICE DEPARTMENT WHERE
THERE WERE NO CONSEQUENCES.
LIEUTENANT MIKE SCHERBA REFUSE
ME BACKUP WHEN MY SELF AND
AFRICAN-AMERICAN AND PARTNER
REQUESTED IT SHERBETS MULTIPLE
OFFICERS TO STAND DOWN.
NO, BUT I HAD A PAST OF RACIAL
DEALINGS WITH LIEUTENANT
SHERBERT THAT HUMAN RESOURCES
IS FULLY AWARE OF AFTER BEGGING
THE ADMINISTRATION TO FILE A
COMPLAINT IT WAS GRANTED,
HOWEVER, AFTER A HIGH RANKING
OFFICIAL GREW UP.
MY CONCERN I WAS LATER
REPRIMANDED FOR FILING A RACIAL
COMPLAINT BY THE CURRENT POLICE
CHIEF PATRICK MCGUIRE.
>> IN MY ELEVEN YEARS I HAVE
FACED PHYSICAL ASSAULT
RETALIATION AND SMEAR
CAMPAIGNS.
WHEN I FILED THE EEOC COMPLAINT
LAST YEAR TO TAKE FURTHER
ACTION I WAS MET WITH
RETALIATION AND NONFACTUAL
CAMPAIGNS THINK EVENTUALLY I
HAVE ABOUT THIRTY SECONDS
OF SPEAKING.
THANKS FOR THE COUNCIL'S RULES
AND REGULATIONS INMOTION I HAVE
A MAJORITY VOTE FOR ME TO SPEAK
ANOTHER TWO MINUTES TO VOICE
THE REST OF MY CONCERNS AND
THAT'S YOUR POLICY.
>> THANK YOU.
>> SO WE'RE NOT GOING TO DO A
MAJORITY VOTE?
>> NO SIR.
THANK YOU.
IT'S ONLY TWO PEOPLE AFTER ME
YOU GUYS SO SO PLEASURE SIR.
>> THANK YOU SO SO SIR PER THE
REGULATIONS SIR.
>> THANK YOU.
I CAN'T HAVE A TWO MINUTE
MAJORITY VOTE WITH NO I CAN AT
LEAST SHARE THE EVIDENCE IF YOU
HAVE IF I HAD I HAVE EVIDENCE
OF EVERYTHING THAT I'M
SPEAKING.
>> YOU HAVE EVERYTHING PLEASE
BRING THE CLERK WILL DISTRIBUTE
IT TO CONTINUE DISTRIBUTE TO
THIS AFRICAN-AMERICAN LADY
BECAUSE I'VE ALREADY TOLD THESE
TWO PEOPLE ABOUT IT AND THEY
JUST LOOK THE OPPOSITE WAY.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS MADAM MADAM
.
HELLO MEMBERS OF CITY COUNCIL.
THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE TODAY
AND PLEASE OPEN YOUR EARS AND
LISTEN NOT JUST HEAR ME TODAY
TODAY YOU ARE GIVEN AN
OPPORTUNITY THAT DOESN'T COME
OFTEN.
IT'S IMPORTANT THAT YOU MAKE A
STANCE TODAY IN JUST SPEAK UP
THE CITY OF IPSI HAS DONE THIS
SO IT'S KIND OF CRAZY THAT YOU
GUYS HAVE IT RIGHT.
>> SO YOU HAVE A YOU HAVE A BIG
ROLE HERE TODAY CONSIDERING OUR
LARGER GOVERNMENT HAS IS
COMPLICIT ZIONISM I THIS IS NOT
AN OPPORTUNITY THAT COMES EVERY
MEETING MAKING IT ALL THAT MORE
IMPORTANT FOR YOU GUYS TO TAKE
A STAND, MAKE YOUR CONSTITUENTS
PROUD, MAKING AN ARBOR PROUD,
MAKE MICHIGAN PROUD, MAKE THE
UNITED STATES PROUD IN ALL
OF THE WORLD.
PLEASE SUPPORT A RESOLUTION ON
A CEASE FIRE IN GAZA.
I HAD MORE AND I'M JUST
FLUSTERED.
BUT I HOPE THAT YOU SEE
EVERYONE HERE TODAY.
YOU KNOW, IT'S INTERESTING THE
RESPONSE THAT THE MEMBERS WHO
COME TALKING ABOUT THE
ENVIRONMENT GET FROM YOU GUYS.
BUT WHEN WE TALK ABOUT HUMAN
LIVES I SEE PEOPLE DIFFERENT
RESPONSES, DIFFERENT BODY
LANGUAGE.
SO JUST BE MINDFUL, YOU KNOW,
THIS HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR A
LONG TIME SO PLEASE WAKE UP.
PLEASE SAY SOMETHING.
LOOK AT CITY OF IPSI.
>> LOOK AT THEM.
THEY'RE DOING SOMETHING YOU CAN
DO SOMETHING TO.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS JOSEPH
.
IF FOLKS WHO ARE COULD PLEASE
RESUME THEIR RESUME THEIR SEATS
AND PUT THEIR SIGNS DOWN BELOW
SHOULDER LEVEL.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
GOOD EVENING EVERYONE.
MY NAME IS JOSEPH AUSTRALIA AND
I AM A SENIOR AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN SCHOOL OF PUBLIC
HEALTH STUDY IN COMMUNITY
HEALTH AND I AM HERE TONIGHT TO
SPEAK ON THE NECESSITY
OF ENSURING THAT NEW
DEVELOPMENTS IN OUR COMMUNITY
ARE EQUIPPED TO TACKLE BOTH THE
CLIMATE AND HEALTH EQUITY
CRISIS WITHIN OUR COMMUNITY.
THERE IS NO DOUBT THAT HOUSING
AFFORDABILITY IS A SERIOUS
ISSUE IN ANN ARBOR.
HOWEVER, WHEN WE LOOK AT WHAT
NEEDS TO BE DONE TO SUPPLY
AFFORDABLE HOUSING, WE CANNOT
SACRIFICE SHORT TERM BENEFITS
FOR LONG TERM DETRIMENT.
GAS HEATING APPEARS ON THE
SURFACE TO BE A CHEAPER OPTION
WITH ESTIMATED SAVINGS
OF ANYWHERE BETWEEN SEVEN TO
THIRTY DOLLARS PER MONTH IN
MICHIGAN BASED ON RECENT
CALCULATIONS, HOWEVER, WHEN WE
FACTOR IN THE NEGATIVE HEALTH
IMPACTS OF THE GASES PRODUCED
BY GAS HEATERS BEING PROPOSED
IN THESE NEW DEVELOPMENTS THOSE
BEING NITROUS OXIDE AND
CARBON DIOXIDE THESE COST
BENEFITS DISAPPEAR REGARDING
NITROUS OXIDE, THE HEALTH
IMPACTS OF THESE ARE WELL
STUDIED WITH NOTED RESULTS
OF NITROUS OXIDE EXPOSURE BEING
INCREASED RATES OF ASTHMA AND
RESPIRATORY INFECTIONS WITH
SOME STUDIES FINDING THIRTEEN
PERCENT OF ALL NEW CHILDHOOD
ASTHMA CASES BEING ATTRIBUTED
TO THE EFFECTS OF AMBIENT AIR
POLLUTION CAUSED BY THE BURNING
OF FOSSIL FUELS SUCH AS NATURAL
GAS AND HEATERS, APPLIANCE AND
VEHICLES.
FOR REFERENCE, THE AVERAGE
ANNUAL HEALTH EXPENDITURE
OF ONE ASTHMA PATIENT IN THE
STATE OF MICHIGAN COMPARED TO
TWENTY FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS
ANNUALLY OR TWO HUNDRED AND TEN
DOLLARS PER MONTH.
THE ANNUAL HEALTH COSTS
OF BURNING NITROUS OXIDE AMOUNT
TO SIX POINT FIVE BILLION
DOLLARS NATIONALLY COSTS WHICH
ARE PASSED THROUGHOUT SOCIETY
IN THE FORM OF INCREASED
INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND TAXES
AND THIS IS ALL BEFORE WE
CONSIDER THE COSTS OF CLIMATE
CHANGE WHICH IS ACCELERATED DUE
TO THE BURNING OF FOSSIL FUELS
SUCH AS NATURAL GAS, NATURAL
GAS ACCOUNTS FOR THIRTY FOUR
PERCENT OF CO2 EMISSIONS IN THE
US AND THE FOLLOWING IMPACTS
OF CLIMATE CHANGE AS A RESULT
OF THESE EMISSIONS CANNOT BE
UNDERSTATED.
A STUDY DONE BY THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN PROJECTS THE COST
OF LOSS OF LIFE DUE TO HEAT IN
MICHIGAN TO INCREASE BY ALMOST
ONE HUNDRED AND EIGHTY MILLION
DOLLARS ANNUALLY.
ONCE AGAIN THESE COSTS WILL BE
PASSED ON TO ALL OF US BUT
ESPECIALLY IN PARTICULARLY THE
MOST VULNERABLE IN OUR
COMMUNITIES SOLVING OUR
AFFORDABLE HOUSING CRISIS IS
ESSENTIAL BUT THIS CANNOT COME
AT THE COST OF INCREASING
HEALTH EXPENDITURES FOR THE
SAME PEOPLE WE ARE TRYING TO
HELP AT THE END OF THE DAY GAS
MAY BE THE CHEAPER OPTION TODAY
BUT IT IS BY NO METRIC THE
CHEAPER OPTION FOR TOMORROW.
AN OUNCE OF PREVENTION IS WORTH
A POUND OF CURE AND THAT IS
TRUE IN BOTH PUBLIC HEALTH AND
THE CLIMATE CRISIS AND WE NEED
TO ENSURE THAT THERE ARE
INCENTIVE AND REGULAR
REGULATORY STRUCTURES IN PLACE
TO ENSURE THAT NO DEVELOPMENT
OCCURS WHICH USES GAS AT THE
EXPENSE OF OUR HEALTH WHEN WE
HAVE THE OPTION NOW TO INVEST
IN COMMUNITIES WITH CLEAN,
HEALTHY AND LONG TERM
ECONOMICAL ELECTRIC
ALTERNATIVES.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS ROULA
HUSHAM.
HELLO EVERYONE.
MY NAME IS RULA HASHEM.
I'M ORIGINALLY PALESTINIAN BUT
I HAVE A DUAL CITIZENSHIP.
I CAME HERE 20 MORE THAN 20
YEARS AGO IN MY TWENTIES AND I
ACTUALLY FINISHED STUDIED IN
THIS COUNTRY.
I DID MY MASTER'S DEGREE AND
BACHELOR'S DEGREE IN MATH AND
PH.D. IN TECHNOLOGY AND
MEDICATION AND DURING THIS TIME
I SERVED THIS COUNTRY BY
TEACHING IN COLLEGES AND
COMMUNITY COLLEGES AND
UNIVERSITIES AND ALSO
VOLUNTEERED A LOT IN IN OUR
COMMUNITY IN MY COMMUNITY SOME
OF YOU MAY HAVE MET ME IN OUR
BURMAS MOSQUE WHERE WE DID OPEN
HOUSE AND WE INVITED A LOT
OF INTERFAITH PEOPLE FROM OTHER
FAITHS TO INTRODUCE SO GROWING
UP IN PALESTINE I REMEMBER WHEN
I WAS A CHILD WE USED TO TAKE
WHAT I USED WHEN I WAS GOING TO
SCHOOL
ME AND MY CLASSMATES OR
SCHOOLMATES WE USED TO TAKE
WITH US A LITTLE BOTTLE
OF APPLE CIDER VINEGAR BECAUSE
IN MY SCHOOL WHEN I WAS YOUNG
THE THE ISRAELI SOLDIERS USED
TO THROW GUSTIER BOMBS INTO MY
SCHOOL AND THE APPLE CIDER
VINEGAR HELPS WITH THE
BREATHING AND IT STOPS CHOKING
THE PERSON.
JUST IMAGINE YOURSELF LIKE YOUR
KIDS EVERYBODY'S KIDS OR YOURS
OR YOURSELVES ARE GOING TO A
SCHOOL AND YOU HAVE BOMBS
COMING INTO YOUR SCHOOL AND
THIS IS MY LIFE AND WHEN I WAS
YOUNG AND SO I I WENT I SAW THE
REASON FOR MY FOR MY FOR FOR ME
TO SPEAK TODAY IS TO REQUEST A
CEASE FIRE ON GAZA AND STOP
SUPPORTING A WAR SUPPORTING
ISRAEL TO TO KILL INNOCENT
PEOPLE, CIVILIANS.
SO ALSO I WOULD LIKE I WOULD
LIKE TO REMIND YOU SO I MEAN
THE PEOPLE OF PALESTINE RIGHT
NOW ARE BEING BOMBED MASSACRED
WITH NO REASON EXCEPT THAT THEY
WERE BORN INTO AN OCCUPIED
TERRITORY.
SO THIS IS MY MYSELF WHEN I WAS
YOUNG AND EVERYBODY WHO WAS WHO
WERE THERE IMAGINE YOURSELF YOU
ARE BORN INTO THIS AREA AND SO
WHAT WHAT CHOICE DO YOU HAVE?
THERE IS A LOT OF BAD THINGS
HAPPENING TO YOU ALL YOUR LIFE
AND LOOK AT NOW THEY ARE
BOMBING EVERYONE THERE.
AND SO I WOULD LIKE TO REMIND
ALL OF YOU THAT ALL HUMANS ARE
CREATED EQUAL ACCORDING TO GOD.
I MEAN EVEN IF YOU DON'T
BELIEVE IN GOD OR EVERY SINGLE
ONE OF YOU ALL OF US HAVE BEEN
BORN FROM ADAM AND EVE.
NOBODY IS BORN FROM ANYBODY
ELSE.
SO THAT MEANS EVERYONE IS EQUAL
NO HUMAN TO HUMAN BEINGS ARE
NOT DIFFERENT LIKE EVERYBODY IS
EQUAL WITH EACH OTHER.
SO I CAME HERE TO SPEAK TO YOUR
CONSCIOUS AND I WOULD LIKE TO
REMIND YOU THAT EVERY SINGLE
ONE OF US EV'RYTHING ONE OF YOU
WILL DIE AT ONE POINT.
THANK YOU.
AND THEY WILL NOT TAKE ANY LOVE
WILL DIE LIKE REGULAR DEATH I
MEAN ANY DEATH EVERYBODY IS
GOING TO DIE.
NOBODY IS GOING TO BE SPARED
FROM DYING THERE WILL NOT TAKE
THEIR MONEY THEY WILL NOT TAKE
WITH THEM ANY OF THEIR FAMILY
MEMBERS, ANY OF THEIR HOUSES,
ANY OF THE PROPERTIES SO TO
THINK ABOUT WHICH SIDE, WHAT
DON'T THINK THAT IS WITH THE
PERSON IS THERE THEIR ACTIONS
BUT DO YOU DO IN THIS LIFE AND
HOW I LIKE YOUR CONTACT WITH
PEOPLE SO I REQUEST THAT YOU
THANK YOU.
SO DO YOU WANT TO BE REMEMBERED
AS A PERSON?
I'M ALMOST DONE.
I DO WANT TO BE REMEMBERED AS A
PERSON WHO SUPPORTED GENOCIDE
OR OF OTHER HUMANS OR DO YOU
WANT TO BE REPENTANT AS A
PERSON WHO WHO WENT AGAINST IT?
>> THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS BASHAR
.
HELLO EVERYBODY.
MY NAME IS BASHAR AND I AM A
LEBANESE TWENTY YEAR OLD.
THEY CAME HERE TEN YEARS AGO.
YES, I AM A VILLAGE BUT MY
BROTHER IS PALESTINIAN IN 2006
I WAS IN LEBANON WHEN ISRAEL
LAUNCHED A WELL IN LEBANON.
THEY KILLED MORE THAN TWELVE
HUNDRED INNOCENT PEOPLE IN
LEBANON.
SOME OF THEM WERE MY FRIENDS.
SOME OF THEM WERE IN MY FAMILY
SO WE'VE SEEN HOW THESE THINGS
OPERATE.
WE'VE SEEN HOW THEY'VE BOMBED
MY GRANDPA'S HOUSE, HOW THEY'VE
KILLED SOME OF MY FRIENDS AND
SOME OF MY FAMILY MEMBERS AND
WE HAD TO LEAVE OUR CITY AND WE
HAD TO GO TO SYRIA.
UNFORTUNATELY AS WE ARE
SPEAKING TODAY MORE THAN
THIRTEEN THOUSAND PEOPLE ARE
DEAD IN GAZA BY THE ISRAELI
BOMBS, THE ISRAELI BOMBS THAT
ARE MADE HERE AND ISRAEL BOMBS
THAT ARE GETTING PAID FOR WITH
US TAX DOLLARS AS WE SPEAK
RIGHT NOW THOSE PEOPLE HAVE NO
RIGHT TO GO TO BECAUSE ISRAEL
HAS BLOCKED ALL ACCESS.
IT DOESN'T IT DOESN'T EVEN LET
THEM MOVE TO EGYPT.
>> SO AS I WAS COMING HERE
TODAY AND AS I WAS THINKING
ABOUT WHAT I WANT TO SPEAK
ABOUT AND WHAT I WANT TO SAY, I
GOT OFF N14 AND I A COUPLE
OF POTHOLES ON THE ROAD AND
THEN I REMEMBERED THERE ARE
INFRASTRUCTURE IS BAD BECAUSE
OUR GOVERNMENT OUR PRESIDENT
AND OUR OFFICIALS DECIDE TO
INVEST THEIR MONEY AND OUR GAS
TAX DOLLARS AND AID TO ISRAEL
SO THAT THEY CAN KILL OUR
CHILDREN AND GIVE THEM TAX THAT
ARE USELESS IN GAZA TO KILL
CHILDREN AND WOMEN WITH THEM
HALF MORE THAN HALF OF THE
PEOPLE OF GAZA ARE CHILDREN OR
WOMEN.
SO I KNOW WHY WE HAVE BAD
INFRASTRUCTURE AND BAD SCHOOLS
AND DRUG PROBLEMS AND YOU SAY
YOU SEE AND I KNOW HOW MANY
HOMELESS PEOPLE WE HAVE
HOMELESS DRUG PROBLEMS WE HAVE
HOW MANY TROOPS WE HAVE, HOW
MUCH IT'S NOT SAFE TO WALK
OUTSIDE AFTER 11:00 P.M. SO
THIS IS WHY BECAUSE OUR MONEY
IS GOING SOMEWHERE ELSE WHERE
IT SHOULD NOT GO WHEN I WANT TO
SAY TODAY IS FRIDAY WE HAD A
PROTEST IN DOWNTOWN AND I
REMEMBER WHAT BROUGHT IN TO ASK
THEM AS WE'VE BEEN ASKING FOR
FOUR TO FIVE DAYS AS THIS SIDE
HAS NOT STOPPED TO ASK THE
PRESIDENT OF UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN TO DIVEST FROM
ISRAELI COMPANIES AND STOP
SENDING MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL
AND TO DIVEST FROM COMPANIES
LIKE LOCKHEED MARTIN AND
LOCKHEED MARTIN AND BOEING AND
ALL OUR ANSWERS WERE NOT MET
FOR 45 DAYS.
UNFORTUNATELY WE HAD TO GO
INSIDE THE BUILDING AT OPM.
COPS WERE THERE AND I THE
POLICE DEPARTMENT, THE POLICE
DEPARTMENT, CANTABRIANS
DEPARTMENT THEY BROUGHT COPS
FROM ALL OVER THE STATE TO STOP
US FROM ENTERING THE BUILDING.
THE PUBLIC AND INVESTIGATIVE
EVERYTHING THAT WE HAVE THE
RIGHT TO BE AND THEY STOPPED
THEY TRIED TO STOP US AND THEY
STARTED BEATING US UP AND AS
SOON AS WE RAN THEY PUSHED US
TO THE GROUND.
THEY PULLED A COUPLE OF THE
SISTERS OFF MUSLIM GIRLS,
MUSLIM JAB'S OFF AND THEY THREW
HIM TO THE GROUND.
WE THEN GOT ARRESTED.
THANK YOU.
HE STOPPED FOR HOURS SO NOW I
JUST WANT TO TELL YOU WHAT WE
NEED FROM YOU.
WE NEED TO ASK FOR A RESOLUTION
FOR A CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION FOR
DIVESTMENT.
THANK YOU.
YES, I KNOW CHRIS.
I KNOW THAT YOU DON'T CARE BUT
READ IT TO THE PRESIDENT
OF THIS COUNTRY SAID THAT 5000
PEOPLE CHRIS, WHAT WOULD YOU DO
IF YOU COUNTRY THANK YOU FOR
DONE WITH YOU.
THIS HAS BEEN ABOUT SIR
CHRISTOPHER.
WHAT WOULD YOU TELL HIM, SIR?
SIR JANET THANK YOU, SIR.
THANK YOU.
RESOLUTION PROFESSOR SMITH
UNIVERSITY MISSICK SIR.
THANK YOU.
I CAN'T TAKE THIS ANYMORE.
OUR NEXT CANAVERI OUR NEXT
THANK YOU.
SPEAKER OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS
OUR NEXT CANAVERI OUR NEXT
RICH THYNE.
SPEAKER OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS
THANK YOU AND HELLO EVERYONE.
RICH THYNE.
MY NAME IS RICH FINE.
THANK YOU AND HELLO EVERYONE.
I LIVE IN WARD FIVE AND I'M I
MY NAME IS RICH FINE.
LEAD THE BUILDING
I LIVE IN WARD FIVE AND I'M I
ELECTRIFICATION ACTION TEAM FOR
LEAD THE BUILDING
THE ENTIRE CHAPTER OF THE
ELECTRIFICATION ACTION TEAM FOR
CITIZENS CLIMATE LOBBY.
THE ENTIRE CHAPTER OF THE
WE ARE REQUEST THAT THE CITY
CITIZENS CLIMATE LOBBY.
IMPLEMENT A COMPREHENSIVE SET
WE ARE REQUEST THAT THE CITY
OF POLICIES TO SUBSTANTIALLY
IMPLEMENT A COMPREHENSIVE SET
REDUCE OR PREFERABLY END THE
OF POLICIES TO SUBSTANTIALLY
USE OF GAS IN MULTIFAMILY AND
REDUCE OR PREFERABLY END THE
COMMERCIAL NEW CONSTRUCTION.
USE OF GAS IN MULTIFAMILY AND
WE APPLAUD THE CITY,
COMMERCIAL NEW CONSTRUCTION.
PARTICULARLY THE OFFICE
WE APPLAUD THE CITY,
OF SUSTAINABILITY AND
PARTICULARLY THE OFFICE
INNOVATION FOR BEGINNING
OF SUSTAINABILITY AND
IMPLEMENTATION OF SEVERAL
INNOVATION FOR BEGINNING
CARBON DECARBONIZATION
IMPLEMENTATION OF SEVERAL
PROGRAMS.
CARBON DECARBONIZATION
YET SINCE THE APPROVAL OF THE
PROGRAMS.
EIGHT TWO ZERO PLAN, THE CITY
YET SINCE THE APPROVAL OF THE
HAS APPROVED AT LEAST TWENTY
EIGHT TWO ZERO PLAN, THE CITY
SEVEN NEW DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
HAS APPROVED AT LEAST TWENTY
THAT USE GAS HEATING.
SEVEN NEW DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS
>> WITH THAT WE ARE ASSESSED
THAT USE GAS HEATING.
RUNNING FAST IN PLACE.
>> WITH THAT WE ARE ASSESSED
WE'RE RUNNING ON A
RUNNING FAST IN PLACE.
CARBON EMISSIONS TREADMILL.
WE'RE RUNNING ON A
THE VOTERS WHO APPROVED MILLAGE
CARBON EMISSIONS TREADMILL.
FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE EIGHT
THE VOTERS WHO APPROVED MILLAGE
TWO ZERO PLAN DESERVE BETTER IN
FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE EIGHT
JUNE COUNCIL PASSED A RATHER
TWO ZERO PLAN DESERVE BETTER IN
GENERALIZED RESOLUTION OF TO
JUNE COUNCIL PASSED A RATHER
IDENTIFY INCENTIVES TO INCREASE
GENERALIZED RESOLUTION OF TO
EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS.
IDENTIFY INCENTIVES TO INCREASE
WE HAVE HEARD THAT THERE ARE
EMISSIONS REDUCTIONS.
EFFORTS UNDERWAY TO PRESENT
WE HAVE HEARD THAT THERE ARE
RECOMMENDATIONS THAT SPECIFIC
EFFORTS UNDERWAY TO PRESENT
ADDRESS NEW CONSTRUCTION
RECOMMENDATIONS THAT SPECIFIC
HOPEFULLY THIS WILL BE
ADDRESS NEW CONSTRUCTION
INTRODUCED BY THE DECEMBER 31ST
HOPEFULLY THIS WILL BE
DEADLINE.
INTRODUCED BY THE DECEMBER 31ST
WE LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING
DEADLINE.
IMPLEMENTATIONS THAT CAN HAVE
WE LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING
REAL IMPACT CALLED PREFERS THE
IMPLEMENTATIONS THAT CAN HAVE
USE OF INCENTIVES OVER BANS AND
REAL IMPACT CALLED PREFERS THE
OBSTRUCTIONS.
USE OF INCENTIVES OVER BANS AND
>> BUT WE SEE EVIDENCE THAT
OBSTRUCTIONS.
SHOULD MORE OBSTRUCTIVE
>> BUT WE SEE EVIDENCE THAT
MEASURES BE USED, DEVELOPERS
SHOULD MORE OBSTRUCTIVE
ARE NOT LIKELY TO SHIFT
MEASURES BE USED, DEVELOPERS
DEVELOPMENT TO THE TOWNSHIPS.
ARE NOT LIKELY TO SHIFT
THE EVIDENCE IS BASED NOT ON
DEVELOPMENT TO THE TOWNSHIPS.
WHAT DEVELOPERS SAY IT'S BASED
THE EVIDENCE IS BASED NOT ON
ON WHAT THEY DO ALL RECENT
WHAT DEVELOPERS SAY IT'S BASED
APPROVED BY RATE DEVELOPMENTS
ON WHAT THEY DO ALL RECENT
HEAT WITH NATURAL GAS, ALL
APPROVED BY RATE DEVELOPMENTS
RECENT PROJECTS REQUIRING
HEAT WITH NATURAL GAS, ALL
SIGNIFICANT ZONING CHANGES ARE
RECENT PROJECTS REQUIRING
ALL ELECTRIC.
SIGNIFICANT ZONING CHANGES ARE
WHY IS THAT MOST LIKELY BECAUSE
ALL ELECTRIC.
WHEN THE CITY HAS LEVERAGED
WHY IS THAT MOST LIKELY BECAUSE
DEVELOPERS PLAN FOR ALL
WHEN THE CITY HAS LEVERAGED
ELECTRIC, THAT'S NOT STOPPING
DEVELOPERS PLAN FOR ALL
THESE DEVELOPERS FROM BUILDING
ELECTRIC, THAT'S NOT STOPPING
IN ANN ARBOR
.
IF THERE WERE SOME LEVERAGE
APPLIED TO THE BUY RIGHTS, PUT
THE BEHAVIOR BE THE SAME.
THEY ALL SEE GREAT BENEFIT TO
INVESTING IN THIS CITY.
>> ANN ARBOR HAS SOME OF THE
COUNTRY'S MOST CREATIVE PROBLEM
SOLVERS.
WE HOPE WE EXPECT SOME CREATIVE
SUGGESTIONS TO COME OUT OF THE
JUNE RESOLUTION THAT WILL BE
EFFECTIVE IN GIVING SOME THAT
APPLY MORE LEVERAGE WHERE IT'S
EITHER THINKING OR PUSHING
TOWARDS ELECTRIFICATION OF NEW
CONSTRUCTION.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS ALEX
CABALLERO
.
GOOD EVENING EVERYONE.
MY NAME IS ALEX CAIRO.
I AM A LATINO AND AN INDIGENOUS
PERSON.
I WANT TO START BY SAYING THERE
IS A NEED FOR A CEASE FIRE AND
RESOLUTION TO STOP FOR
THOUSANDS OF KILLINGS
OF PALESTINIANS.
THE ONGOING COLONIZATION
OF PALESTINIANS IS LEADING TO
THEIR DURATION AS A PEOPLE AS
AN INDIGENOUS PERSON WHO'S HAD
THEIR CULTURE, THEIR
TRADITIONS, THEIR WAY OF LIFE,
IRACE I WILL NOT SIT HERE AND
BE SILENT AS I WATCH ANOTHER
GROUP OF PEOPLE GETTING
EXTERMINATED AND BEING RAISED
BECAUSE BEING SILENT IS BEING
COMPLICIT.
WE'RE WATCHING.
WE'RE TURNING AWAY.
WE'RE NOT LISTENING AND BEING
INFORMED ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON
CHILDREN, ELDERLY, EVERYONE
BEING AFFECTED, PEOPLE'S LIVES
ARE BEING RUINED, PEOPLE'S
RELIGIOUS ARE BEING ERASED AND
I JUST WANT TO END UP BY SAYING
THAT WE CAN'T BE COMPLICIT AND
WE JUST GOT TO TALK ABOUT IT
BECAUSE ONCE THEY'RE GONE,
THEY'RE GONE AND DOWN THE LINE
THERE WILL BE NOTHING TO
REMEMBER.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS GORDON
SMITH
.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I'M HERE
AGAIN UPSET WITH CITY COUNCIL
RECENTLY I READ IN STORY ABOUT
QUOTE THEY SHOULD BE FORCED TO
GO THERE WHETHER THEY WANT TO
OR NOT.
I'M HOMELESS ONCE AGAIN THIS
PAPERWORK MY PAPERWORK FROM THE
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
OF THIS COUNTRY PROOF THAT I'M
A DISABLED AMERICAN, YOU NEED
TO PAY ATTENTION TO WHO'S
SITTING THERE TRYING TO BULLY
PEOPLE.
>> IT'S NOT JUST PHYSICAL
SOMETIMES YOU'VE GOT TO THINK
OUTSIDE THE BOX INSTEAD
OF TALKING ABOUT PEOPLE, TR
TALKING WITH THEM.
THE CITY COUNCIL'S GOT A DUTY
TO DO FOR THIS CITY.
YES, I KNOW FOR A FACT THIS
CITY DOES LIKE YOU, SIR.
I'VE SEEN YOU MULTIPLE TIMES AT
DIFFERENT FUNCTIONS AROUND THE
CITY.
I KNOW FOR A FACT WITH MY OWN
TWO EYES I'VE SEEN YOU WHAT WAS
IT FOUR OR FIVE DIFFERENT TIMES
AT DIFFERENT THINGS.
I WAS HAPPY TO SEE YOU EVEN
TONIGHT BUT THIS COUNCIL'S GOT
A DUTY TO DO TO CHANGE THE WAY
PEOPLE THINK BECAUSE THE LAST
TIME I CHECKED SLAVERY WAS
ABOUT FORCING PEOPLE INTO DOING
SOMETHING THAT THEY DID NOT
WANT TO DO.
GOOD NIGHT.
THANK.
>> WE HAVE NOT REACHED OUR
FORTY FIVE MINUTE MARK AND SO
WE HAVE TIME FOR ONE MORE
PUBLIC SPEAKER PRIOR TO PUBLIC
COMMENT OVERFLOW THAT'S PUBLIC
SPEAKER NUMBER SIX MOTIONS
OF OBSERVATION OH HELLO ANN
ARBOR I AM HERE AGAIN TO DEMAND
THAT THIS BODY THAT HAS BEEN
TOTALLY DEAF TO OUR DEMANDS FOR
TWENTY TWO YEARS TO PASS A
RESOLUTION THAT SAYS WE ARE
AGAINST MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL,
MY FRIEND JUST REMINDED ME THAT
IN THE PAST FIVE, SIX WEEKS
THAT ISRAEL HAS BEEN CARPET
BOMBING A NATION WITH U.S. TAX
DOLLARS AND WITH FULL U.S.
FINANCIAL AND POLITICAL AND
SUPPORT NINE HUNDRED FAMILIES
WHO LIVED IN GAZA FOR
GENERATIONS HAVE BEEN WIPED OUT
.
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN WIPED OUT.
THESE GUYS ARE SITTING OVER
HERE.
SHE'S A MEMBER OF THE HUMAN
RIGHTS COMMISSION.
THE PHONY HUMAN RIGHTS
COMMISSION IN THIS TOWN.
IF YOU ARE FOR REAL, YOU WOULD
BE SCREAMING FOR FIVE WEEKS.
MISS BOSNA EDWYN YOU ARE A
PHONY.
THAT'S WHAT YOU ARE.
YOU'RE A PHONY AND PEOPLE NEVER
SEE IT.
AND WHEN IT COMES TIME TO VOTE
WE WILL WATCH OUT BECAUSE YOU
GOT NOTHING TO DESERVE THESE
SEATS.
YOU'VE GOT THESE SEATS BECAUSE
YOU'VE GOT HUNDREDS AND
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS WORTH
OF MONEY THAT PUSHES YOU TO
THESE SEATS.
>> MY OTHER FRIEND WANTS ME TO
REMIND YOU THAT YPSILANTI JUST
PASSED A RESOLUTION THAT SAYS
WE ARE AGAINST MILITARY AID TO
ISRAEL.
OBVIOUSLY A VERY QUICK CEASE
FIRE IS NEEDED BUT IN THE LONG
RUN WE NEED TO CUT OFF MONEY TO
THIS MONSTER THAT IS ISRAEL.
WE NEED TO CUT OFF MONEY TO
WE DO ALL RESPONSIBLE.
THIS MONSTER THAT IS ISRAEL.
YOU COULD HAVE DONE THIS YEARS
WE DO ALL RESPONSIBLE.
AGO AND YOU DIDN'T ONE OF HIS
YOU COULD HAVE DONE THIS YEARS
CRONIES RUNNING UP.
AGO AND YOU DIDN'T ONE OF HIS
THAT IS HOW MUCH RESPECT YOU
CRONIES RUNNING UP.
HAVE FOR LIVES OF PALESTINIANS
THAT IS HOW MUCH RESPECT YOU
.
HAVE FOR LIVES OF PALESTINIANS
MOST PEOPLE HERE ARE DEMANDING
.
THAT YOU RESPECT OUR LIVES JUST
MOST PEOPLE HERE ARE DEMANDING
LIKE YOU RESPECT ANYBODY ELSE'S
THAT YOU RESPECT OUR LIVES JUST
UKRAINIANS AND EVERYONE WHO
LIKE YOU RESPECT ANYBODY ELSE'S
DESERVE RESPECT.
UKRAINIANS AND EVERYONE WHO
THEY ARE EXPECTING RESPECT.
DESERVE RESPECT.
WE WANT RESPECT FOR HUMAN
THEY ARE EXPECTING RESPECT.
RIGHTS FOR PALESTINIAN LIVES.
WE WANT RESPECT FOR HUMAN
YOU PASS UP THE OPPORTUNITY TO
RIGHTS FOR PALESTINIAN LIVES.
VOTE TO SAY NO MILITARY AID TO
YOU PASS UP THE OPPORTUNITY TO
ISRAEL FOR TWENTY TWO YEARS
VOTE TO SAY NO MILITARY AID TO
TIME STOPS NOW YOU SAY NO THE
ISRAEL FOR TWENTY TWO YEARS
AID TO ISRAEL THAT'S WHAT YOU
TIME STOPS NOW YOU SAY NO THE
DO ALSO YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT
AID TO ISRAEL THAT'S WHAT YOU
SOUTH AFRICA JUST CALLED AND
DO ALSO YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT
SAID DO YOU HAVE TO TAKE MR.
SOUTH AFRICA JUST CALLED AND
NETANYAHU TO TEL FOR CRIMES
SAID DO YOU HAVE TO TAKE MR.
AGAINST HUMANITY?
NETANYAHU TO TEL FOR CRIMES
THEY BROUGHT THEM TO
AGAINST HUMANITY?
INTERNATIONAL COURT OF JUSTICE.
THEY BROUGHT THEM TO
SOUTH AFRICA HAS DONE THAT MANY
INTERNATIONAL COURT OF JUSTICE.
I DON'T KNOW HIM FOR PUSHING TO
SOUTH AFRICA HAS DONE THAT MANY
GET THESE WAR CRIMINALS
I DON'T KNOW HIM FOR PUSHING TO
INCLUDING BIDEN AND BLINKEN AND
GET THESE WAR CRIMINALS
ALL OF THESE PEOPLES TO TAKE
INCLUDING BIDEN AND BLINKEN AND
THEM AND BRING JUSTICE TO THIS
ALL OF THESE PEOPLES TO TAKE
SITUATION.
THEM AND BRING JUSTICE TO THIS
IF YOU DO NOTHING, YOUR
SITUATION.
CONSTITUENTS WILL KICK YOU OUT
IF YOU DO NOTHING, YOUR
AND WE DEMAND THAT YOU PASS THE
CONSTITUENTS WILL KICK YOU OUT
ETC. I GUESS.
AND WE DEMAND THAT YOU PASS THE
THANK YOU
.
I GUESS IF YOU CAN SIT ASIDE
AND JUST PICK UP THE MAP NO
THANK.
ARE THERE COMMUNICATIONS TODAY
FROM COUNCIL KOTSENBURG SONG
I
APPRECIATE I APPRECIATE FOLKS
COMING OUT ESPECIALLY FOLKS
THIS IS YOUR FIRST TIME COMING
TO CITY COUNCIL AND GIVING
PUBLIC COMMENTS FOR THE FIRST
TIME GIVING YOUR COMMENTS EVEN
WHEN YOUR VOICES SHAKE ALLOWED
ME TO REFLECT A LITTLE BIT.
I ACTUALLY SAW MY PARENTS TODAY
AND WE SPOKE ABOUT CONFLICT AND
WAR.
I AM A PRODUCT OF WAR.
I SPOKE TO MY MOTHER ABOUT THE
MY LAI MASSACRE.
I SPOKE TO MY MOTHER ABOUT HOW
SHE WAS THROWN INTO A PRISON
CAMP AND TRYING TO ESCAPE THE
COMMUNIST.
I SPOKE TO MY FATHER.
HE WAS A MEDIVAC PILOT FOR THE
SOUTH VIETNAMESE AIR FORCE
ABOUT FIGHTING FOR DEMOCRACY
AND INDEPENDENCE.
I SPOKE ABOUT MY PARENTS
ESCAPING HERE AND TRYING TO
START OVER BUT WONDERING WHAT
IS HAPPENING TO THEIR FAMILY
THAT THEY HAD TO LEAVE BEHIND
AND THE SUFFERING THAT
CONTINUES OVER GENERATIONS.
SO I UNDERSTAND THE FRANKNESS
AND THE PAIN THAT YOU'RE ALL
SHARING HERE.
ARE WE INDIVIDUALLY HERE HAVE
HAD CONVERSATIONS WITHIN
DIFFERENT COMMUNITIES AND I
WISH WE HAD THE POWER AND
AUTHORITY THAT YOU THINK THAT
WE HAVE HERE.
>> WE WE CAN'T EVEN GET THAT TO
NOT BUILD FENCES.
WE OUR BUDGET, OUR BUDGET AND
AUTHORITY IS SQUARELY WITHIN
ANN ARBOR AND I WILL READ TO
YOU OUR AUDIENCE AND OUR
DISCRIMINATOR AND BECAUSE WHAT
WE CAN DO HERE IS DEMONSTRATE
CARE FOR THE FOLKS WHO ARE HERE
AND THAT'S WHAT WE'VE BEEN
TRYING TO DO WITH OUR
ANTI-DISCRIMINATION ORDINANCE
AND THAT'S WHAT WE DID WHEN WE
CONDEMNED ANTI ASIAN HATE TWO
YEARS PRIOR WHEN RESIDENTS ARE
BEING HARASSED FOR WHO THEY
ARE, WHERE THEY COME FROM AND
BEING BLAMED FOR A PANDEMIC.
WE SPENT YEARS WORKING ON
SOLIDARITY CONDEMNING WHITE
SUPREMACY AND FOR THIS I WOULD
HOPE THAT WE COULD CONTINUE
THAT WORK AND FIND PEACE AND
COMPASSION FOR EACH OTHER.
THE ANTI-DISCRIMINATION
ORDINANCE ALLOWS RESIDENTS TO
BRING COMPLAINTS TO CITY
COUNCIL THROUGH THE HUMAN
RIGHTS COMMISSION AND THAT IS
SO THAT FOLKS ARE PROTECTED
IF
THEY'RE DISCRIMINATED AGAINST
BASED ON AGE ARREST RECORD
COLOR DISABILITY EDUCATIONAL
ASSOCIATION ETHNICITY, FAMILY
STATUS, FAMILY
RESPONSIBILITIES, GENDER
EXPRESSION, GENDER IDENTITY,
GENETIC INFORMATION HEIGHT HIV
STATUS, MARITAL STATUS,
NATIONAL ORIGIN, POLITICAL
BELIEFS RACE RELIGION SEX
SEXUAL ORIENTATION SOURCE
OF INCOME VETERAN STATUS VICTIM
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE OR STALKING
OR WEIGHT.
IT'S PRETTY COMPREHENSIVE BUT
THOSE ARE THE CONTROLS THAT WE
HAVE HERE AT THIS TABLE.
I'VE SAID BEFORE WE'RE NOT EVEN
THE MODERN UNITED NATIONS BUT
WE CAN CARE ABOUT THE LOVED
ONES THAT WE HAVE AROUND THE
WORLD.
I'M SORRY WE DON'T HAVE THAT
AUTHORITY.
WISH THAT THE WISH UPON US I
REALLY AM.
BUT HERE IN THE FOUR YEARS THAT
WE'RE HERE WITH THE BUDGET THAT
WE HAVE HOW WE COLLECT TAXES,
HOW WE PRIORITIZE THEM FOR THE
INFRASTRUCTURE AND PEOPLE HERE
I HOPE IS MEANINGFUL BECAUSE
YOU ARE YOU ARE OUR RESIDENT.
YOU ARE OUR COMMUNITY.
>> THANK YOU.
THURSDAY YOU GET PAID
PEACEFUL
RESOLUTIONS, SIR.
>> SIR PLEASE SIR PLEASE.
THANK YOU SIR.
SIR SIR.
MORE PEACE COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON
I'M GOING TO START BY
ANNOUNCING SOME DATES TO THE
COMMUNITY FOR THANKSGIVING
COMMUNITY MEAL AND BASKET
DISTRIBUTION.
THESE ARE ALL ON THURSDAY
NOVEMBER TWENTY THIRD I'VE GOT
SEVEN THIRTY A.M. TO EIGHT
THIRTY A.M. AT ST. ANDREW'S
CHURCH ON THREE OR SIX NORTH
DIVISION STREET AND ANN ARBOR
THEY'LL BE SERVING BREAKFAST
AGAIN FROM SEVEN THIRTY A.M. TO
EIGHT THIRTY AT 11:00 A.M. TO
1:00 P.M. AT THE ORIGINAL
COTTAGE.
THEN THEY WILL BE SERVING THEIR
ANNUAL THANKSGIVING MEAL AND
THAT'S AT FIVE 12:00 EAST
WILLIAM ST. IN ANN ARBOR FROM
12:00 P.M. TO 2:00 O'CLOCK PM
AT THE DELENA CENTER WHICH IS
ON THREE TWELVE WEST HURON
STREET IN ANN ARBOR.
THEY WILL BE HANDING OUT TO GO
THANKSGIVING MEALS AND FINALLY
IN YPSILANTI AT THE HOPE CLINIC
AT 5:00 P.M. THE ADDRESS IS
FIVE EIGHTEEN HARRIET STREET IN
YPSILANTI, MICHIGAN.
THEY WILL BE GIVING OUT THEY
WILL BE SERVING A TURKEY DINNER
.
YOU THANK THE THE POLICE
OVERSIGHT COMMISSION.
IF YOU'D LIKE TO PUT IN A
COMPLAINT YOU CAN DO SO AT THE
POLICE AT THE WITH DEPENDENT
COMMUNITY OVERSIGHT COMMISSION
,POLICE OVERSIGHT COMMISSION.
>> YEAH, THANK YOU.
THAT'S COUNCIL MEMBER TISH.
THANK YOU MAYOR.
I'M NOT GOING TO REPEAT BECAUSE
I COULDN'T DO IT AS ELOQUENTLY
WHAT COUNCIL MEMBER SONG SAID
BUT THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBERS
ALL I DO WANT TO ANNOUNCE THAT
A COUNCIL MEMBER HARRISON AND I
WILL HAVE A COFFEE HOUR ON
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 6TH FROM SIX
THIRTY TO SEVEN THIRTY AT THE
ARROWOOD ARROWOOD COMMUNITY
CENTER.
>> OK, I'M DONE THANKS FOR THE
COMMUNICATION FROM COUNCIL
.
WELL THAT'S IT.
>> THAT'S ALL SIR.
THAT'S IT.
YEAH.
>> I'D LIKE TO SUBMIT THIS IS A
GENOCIDE.
IS THIS OK MAN YOU CONSIDER A
RESOLUTION YOU SEE THAT MY SON
SORRY I WAS RUNNING AWAY SHE
TOOK MY PURPLE.
YEAH I CAMPAIGN MONEY FROM SIR
SIR PLEASE SIT PLEASE SIR
PLEASE SIT DOWN SIR.
OH THE MONEY REVOLUTIONARY A
LOT OF HELP IN.
I WOULD LIKE TO SUBMIT THE
MEMBERS OF THE MEMBERS OF THE
PUBLIC WHO ARE CURRENT MEMBERS
OF MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC WHO
ARE CURRENTLY SPEAKING.
YOU ARE DISRUPTING THE PROCESS
DISRUPTING THE MEETING
DISRUPTING THE MEETING MAY
RESULT IN REMOVAL FROM THIS
ROOM.
THANK YOU MA'AM.
THERE ARE PEOPLE SEATED BEHIND
YOU.
PLEASE KEEP YOUR SIGN BELOW
SHOULDER LEVEL.
>> THANK YOU
.
I FOR MY PART I WOULD LIKE TO
ECHO THE WISE WORDS OF COUNCIL
MEMBER SONG IN THIS REGARD THE
WORLD IS FILLED WITH ILL'S AND
INJUSTICES AND OUR SCOPE HERE
AT THIS TABLE IS EXTREMELY
LIMITED.
THE SCOPE HERE AT THIS TABLE AS
ELECTED OFFICIALS AS A BODY IS
TO CONDUCT THE OPERATION OF THE
MUNICIPAL ORGANIZATION AND TO
LEAD AND HOPEFULLY UNIFY A
COMMUNITY.
THIS IS THE CITY
OF AN PEOPLE
WHO ARE FOLKS WHO ARE IN THE
PROCESS OF INTERRUPTING THIS
MEETING OR BEING DISRUPTIVE AND
THAT MAY RESULT IN YOUR REMOVAL
FROM THIS CHAMBERS.
WE UNDERSTAND IT'S SYMBOLIC BUT
WE WOULD APPRECIATE YOU
CONSIDER ADDRESSING IT AS A
SYMBOLIC WE UNDERSTAND THAT.
THANK YOU.
THIS TYPICALLY IS NOT A DIALOG
CONTEXT.
I'M SURE EACH OF US WOULD BE
DELIGHTED TO SPEAK WITH YOU AND
OTHER COMMUNITY MEMBERS AT ANY
TIME OUTSIDE OF THIS MEETING
YOU JUST SAID GO TO THANK YOU
SIR FOR WHAT I WOULD LIKE TO
SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING NOMINATION
FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION TO THE
FOR CONSIDERATION OUR NEXT
MEETING TO THE ANN ARBOR
TRANSPORTATION AUTHORITY JULIE
GRANT WE HAVE BEFORE US THE
CONCEPT AGENDA MOVE A MOTION
PLEASE TO APPROVE THE CONSENT
AGENDA, MOVE BY COUNCIL MEMBER
SECOND BY COUNCIL MEMBER
WATCHING.
ARE THERE IS THERE A
CONFIRMATION OH MY APOLOGIES.
CONSENT AGENDA BEING PREMATURE.
I'D LIKE TO RECOMMEND THE
FOLLOWING APPOINTMENTS THAT ARE
PRESENTED TO THE CITY COUNCIL
FOR CONSIDERATION THE NOVEMBER
SIX TWENTY TWENTY THREE REGULAR
SESSION TO THE RETIREMENT
SYSTEM BOARD ANTHONY DE
GIOVANNI JORDAN SCHREIER TO THE
PUBLIC MARKET ADVISORY
COMMISSION MAHADI NEVER MOTION
PLEASE MOVE BY COUNCIL
MCCONNELL SECURED BY COUNCIL
MEMBER ISH DISCUSSION ON FAVOR
POSED IT IS APPROVED.
>> WE NOW HAVE BEFORE US THE
CONSENT AGENDA AND HAVE A
MOTION PLEASE TO APPROVE THE
CONSENT AGENDA MOVE BY COUNCIL
AND BRITISH SECOND IN MY
COUNCIL MEMBER WATSON
DISCUSSION OF THE CONSENT
AGENDA KATHLEEN REDISH I WAS
THINKING OF PULLING C8 JUST FOR
AN EXPLANATION PURPOSE UBS YOU
CIA
FOR THE DISCUSSION THE
CONSENT AGENDA ARE CONSERVER
SONG RIGHT?
WE DID.
WE JUST WE NEED AN F MY
APOLOGIES ALL IN FAVOR OF THE
CONSENT AGENDA OPPOSED THE
CONSENT AGENDA IS APPROVED WITH
EIGHT COUNCIL MEMBERS PRESENT
ALL VOTE IN THE AFFIRMATIVE
THUS SATISFYING THE EIGHT VOTE
REQUIREMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE
THREE 04 05 06 09 C11 THIRTEEN
THERE'S ALL EIGHT RESOLUTION TO
APPROVE THE CITY'S
PARTICIPATION PROPOSED CLASS
SETTLEMENTS FOR 3M COMPANY AND
DUPONT TO RESOLVE CLAIMS BY
PUBLIC WATER SYSTEMS AFFECTING
P CONTAMINATION OF THE MATTER
OF AQUEOUS FILM FORMING FOAM'S
PRODUCTS LIABILITY LITIGATION
DISTRICT LITIGATION BY COUNCIL
MEMBER DISH SECOND BY COUNCIL
MEMBER SONG DISCUSSION PLEASE
THE CIA COUNCIL ON BRITISH YEAH
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE THIS
IS EXCITING.
IT REPRESENTS A STEP FORWARD IN
OUR ABILITY TO RECEIVE
FINANCIAL COMPENSATION FOR THE
EXPENSES THAT WE'VE HAD IN
DEALING WITH PITHOS.
I WANT TO EMPHASIZE THAT THE
CITIES WATER IS AND REMAINS
SAFE TO DRINK AND THAT CITY
STAFF HAS AND WILL CONTINUE TO
WORK DILIGENTLY TO MEET ALL
APPLICABLE APPLICABLE STATE AND
FEDERAL FAST DRINKING WATER
LIMITS.
I BELIEVE I AM CORRECT IN
SAYING THAT STATE DRINKING
WATER LIMITS FOR PBS ARE
ACTUALLY STRICTER THAN FEDERAL
SO WE ARE LIVING IN A GOOD
PLACE IF YOU CARE ABOUT IF YOU
CARE ABOUT CLEAN DRINKING WATER
THIS WE ARE.
WE ARE THE CITY HERE IS IN IS
ELIGIBLE CLASS MEMBER IN THIS
CLASS SETTLEMENT BECAUSE OUR
MAIN WATER SOURCE THE HURON
RIVER HAS BEEN AFFECTED BY
CATHARS AND IN JUNE 2003 3M AND
DUPONT WHICH ARE THE ONLY
COMPANIES WHO ARE COVERED BY
THIS SETTLEMENT PROPOSE
CLASS
SETTLEMENTS TOTALING
APPROXIMATELY THIRTEEN POINT
FIVE BILLION TO RESOLVE CLAIMS
BY VARIOUS PUBLIC WATER SYSTEMS
AFFECTED BY PITHOS.
WE HAVE DECIDED OR WE HAVE BEEN
ADVISED AND HAVE EVALUATED OUR
OPTIONS FOR EITHER OPTING OUT
OR INTO THIS CLASS SETTLEMENT
AND THE CITY BELIEVES THAT
PARTICIPATING IN THE CLASS
SETTLEMENT IS IN THE CITY'S
BEST INTERESTS AND SO WE WILL
NOT BE OPTING OUT AND OH THERE
IS A GREAT WEBSITE AND I THINK
IT'S HARD TO HEAR THOSE IN THE
ON AIR BUT IF YOU IF YOU CLICK
ON THIS THIS CONSENT AGENDA
ITEM YOU CAN FIND A GREAT
WEBSITE TO LOOK AT MORE
INFORMATION ABOUT THIS
SETTLEMENT, FURTHER DISCUSSION
BECAUSE I'D LIKE TO SAY FOR MY
PART I'M GLAD THAT THIS IS
COMING FOR US.
I THINK THIS IS THE PROPER AND
WISE THING TO DO IN THE
PRESENCE OF THIS LITIGATION.
I WILL SAY FURTHER THAT I'M
LIKE A SHOWER SOME PRAISE ON
OUR MUNICIPAL WATER UTILITY
WHEN P FAST WAS AN EMERGING
CONTAMINANT, THE CITY BASED
ORGANIZATION UNDER THE
DIRECTION IN THAT CONTEXT
OF MR. STEIGLITZ IMPLEMENTED
CARBON FILTERING AT OUR WATER
TREATMENT PLANT IN A WAY THAT
WAS VERY MUCH ON THE FRONT FOOT
AND HAS PROVEN TO BE A
SUCCESSFUL A VERY SUCCESSFUL
PROCESS, ONE WHICH WE BELIEVE
TO BE REPLICATED IN MANY OTHER
JURISDICTIONS.
MR. STEIGLITZ, HIS HIS CARE AND
EXPERTIZE WITH RESPECT TO THE
WATER SYSTEM IS TO AND
CONSISTENT AND GREAT BENEFIT
AND JUST WANTS TO THANK HIM AND
THE OTHER FOLKS THAT WORK WITH
HIM IN THIS REGARD.
>> FURTHEREST WELL IN FAVOR
POSED C8 IS APPROVED.
WE NOW COME TO A PUBLIC HEARING
.
PUBLIC HEARINGS ARE
OPPORTUNITIES FOR MEMBERS
OF THE PUBLIC TO SPEAK TO
COUNCIL IN THE COMMUNITY ABOUT
THE SPECIFIC SUBJECT MATTER
OF THE PUBLIC HEARING SPEAKERS
DO NOT NEED TO HAVE SIGNED UP
IN ADVANCE BUT THEIR SPEECH AT
THE PUBLIC HEARING MUST RELATE
TO THE SPECIFIC ITEM ON THE
AGENDA THAT IS TODAY THE
SPECIFIC SUBJECT OF THE PUBLIC
HEARING SPEAKERS IN THE ROOM
AND ONLINE WILL HAVE THREE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO SPEAK.
SO IN EACH CASE PLEASE PAY
CLOSE ATTENTION TO THE TIME
EITHER OUR CLERK OR THE TIME
CLERK WILL NOTIFY YOU WHEN
THIRTY SECONDS ARE REMAINING
AND WHEN YOUR TIME HAS EXPIRED,
WHEN YOUR TIME IS EXPIRED
PLEASE CONCLUDE YOUR REMARKS
AND CEDE THE FLOOR PUBLIC
HEARING NUMBER ONE AN ORDINANCE
TO AMEND CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE
UNIFIED DEVELOPMENT CODE ZONING
OF FIVE POINT TO THREE ACRES
FROM TI WPE TOWNSHIP TO PUBLIC
LAND DISTRICT VAIKUNTA TRAVER
ROAD.
>> IS THERE ANYONE WHO WOULD
LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS PUBLIC
HEARING 31 WENT ONLINE WOULD
HEARING.
LIKE TO SPEAK AT THIS PUBLIC
>> I DON'T HAVE ANY CALLERS ON
HEARING.
LINE WITH THEIR HANDS UP
SEE NO
ONE.
THIS PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED
WE HAVE BEFORE US TO WORK
SESSION MINUTES OF OCTOBER 23
IN THE REGULAR SESSION MEETING
MINUTES OF OCTOBER OF NOVEMBER
SIX TWENTY TWENTY THREE MOVE BY
COUNCIL MEMBER WATSON SECOND BY
COUNCIL MEMBER DISH DISCUSSION
PLEASE OF THE MINUTES ON
FAVORITE POSED THE MINUTES ARE
APPROVED BE1 AN AUDIENCE TO
AMEND THE CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE
UNIFIED DEVELOPMENT CODE ZONING
OF FIVE POINT TO THREE ACRES
FROM TOWNSHIP TO PLL PUBLIC
LAND DISTRICT VACANT TRAVA ROAD
MOVE BY COUNCIL MEMBER DISH
SECOND BY COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON DISCUSSION PLEASE
OF BE1 MEMBER DISH.
>> THIS IS VERY STRAIGHTFORWARD
THIS ORDINANCE ZONE FIVE POINT
TO THREE ACRES OF VACANT LAND
TO PLAN PUBLIC LAND WHICH IS A
ZONING DESIGNATION INTENDED FOR
PUBLICLY OWNED LAND USED FOR
PUBLIC PURPOSES.
THIS LAND IS OWNED BY THE CITY
AND LOCATED ADJACENT TO THE
LESLIE GOLF COURSE.
IT WAS PURCHASED FROM THE
WILLIAM F. HOSFORD AND MARGARET
W. HOSFORD TRUST IN 2020 FOR
PARKLAND PURPOSES WITH FUNDS
FROM THE OPEN SPACE AND
PARKLAND ACQUISITION EXCUSE ME
ACQUISITION VILLAGE OTHERWISE
KNOWN AS THE GREENBELT.
THE REASON WHY WE ARE ZONING IS
BECAUSE PURCHASING OR ACCEPTING
LAND DONATIONS DOES NOT
AUTOMATICALLY CHANGE A ZONING
DESIGNATION.
WE SHOULD APPROVE THE PROPOSED
ZONING DESIGNATION BECAUSE IT
IS CONSISTENT AND COORDINATES
WITH ADJACENT ZONING DISTRICTS.
THE INTENT OF THE PROPOSED
ZONING DESIGNATION IS ALSO IN
ALIGNMENT AND THE EXISTING LAND
USE AND THE SURROUND THE
SURROUNDING LAND USES ARE
CONSISTENT WITH WHAT IS
PROPOSED HERE AND THAT'S REALLY
ALL I HAVE TO SAY.
FURTHER DISCUSSION OR FAVOR
POSED IT IS PROVED SEE ONE AN
AUDIENCE TO AMEND THE ZONING
MAP BEING A PART OF SECTION
FIVE TEN TEND TO OF CHAPTER
FIFTY FIVE OF TITLE FIVE THE
CODE OF THE DIVISION ARBOR
ZONING OF FIVE POINT NINE ACRES
FROM TI WPE TOWNSHIP DISTRICT
TO R FOR A MULTIFAMILY DWELLING
DISTRICT TWO FIVE TWO ZERO
PONTIAC TRAIL AND TWO FIVE FOUR
ZERO PONTIAC TRAIL MOVE BY
COUNCIL MEMBER SECOND BY
COUNCIL MEMBER WATSON
DISCUSSION PLEASE OF C ONE
CUSTOMER BRITISH AND ON THIS
ONE THERE IS REASON FOR
ENTHUSIASM APPROVAL OF THIS
RESOLUTION WILL ZOHN THESE
PARCELS TO ALLOW THE
CONSTRUCTION OF AN ADDITIONAL
ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY
RESIDENTIAL UNITS TO THE
VILLAGE OF ANN ARBOR WHICH IS
ALREADY A PART OF IT IS ALREADY
APPROVED.
WHAT IS TERRIFIC HERE IS THAT
THE ORIGINALLY APPROVED PLAN
WHICH WAS APPROVED IN LAST
SEPTEMBER TWENTY TWENTY TWO
OUTLINED FOUR HUNDRED EIGHTY
FOUR RESIDENTIAL UNITS.
NOW WE WILL BE GETTING 600 FOR
RESIDENTIAL UNITS BUT WE SO I
SHOULD SAY WE WILL BE GETTING
ADDITIONAL HOUSING AND MORE
OPEN SPACES.
WE ARE VERY HAPPY TO BE IN A
SITUATION WHERE WE DO NOT HAVE
TO TRADE OFF OPEN SPACE FOR
HOUSING UNITS.
THE ADDITIONAL LAND WILL ALLOW
VILLAGE OF ANN ARBOR TO ADD A
PARK AREA TO THE WEST OF THE
APARTMENTS AND THAT PARK AREA
WILL OFFER WALKING AS COMMUNITY
GARDENS, A DOG PARK AND OPEN
SPACES.
AND I WANT TO REMIND YOU THAT
THIS IS A PROJECT THAT OFFERS
HOUSING AND A VARIETY OF PRICE
POINTS.
AND WHILE STUDENTS ARE
PERFECTLY WELCOME AND IN FACT I
WELCOME YOU VERY MUCH BECAUSE
IT'S TWO BLOCKS FOR ME TO LIVE
THERE.
THIS HOUSING IS NOT DESIGNED
WITH SOLELY WITH, YOU KNOW, SIX
BETTER STUDENT COUNCIL WITH
STUDENTS IN MIND THERE ARE A
NUMBER OF ONE IN TWO BEDROOM
OPTIONS IN THIS HOUSING AND IT
WHICH WILL MAKE IT RELATIVELY
AFFORDABLE COMPARED TO DOWNTOWN
HOUSING.
SO I AM HAPPY ABOUT THIS
DEVELOPMENT AND I AM VERY HAPPY
TO SEE THIS REZONING.
I THINK WE'LL GET A SITE PLAN.
WE WILL MAYBE NOT KNOW WE DON'T
PLANNING COMMISSION APPROVED IT
.
COUNCILMAN ASONG I CAN ECHO
COUNCIL MEMBER JUST AS
EXCITEMENT AROUND THIS.
THIS IS AN AREA THAT'S NOT TOO
FAR FROM CARROWAY WHERE WE HAVE
A REALLY ACTIVE FOOD BANK THAT
FOOD GATHERERS RUNS AS WELL AS
CHILD CARE CENTER.
WE ALSO HAVE A COUPLE
OF ROUNDABOUTS IN THE AREA IN
ANTICIPATION OF DEVELOPMENT
EXACTLY LIKE THIS WHERE WE CAN
WELCOME MORE RESIDENTS
OF DIFFERENT INCOMES AND I'M
REALLY EXCITED THIS IS
SOMETHING THAT WOULD APPEAL TO
NEW AND YOUNG FAMILIES AS THE
PUBLIC SCHOOLS ROLLS OUT THEIR
PUBLIC THEIR THEIR BOND AND
TRIES TO ACCOMMODATE HOPEFULLY
MORE STUDENTS COMING BACK TO
THE DISTRICT.
>> THIS WOULD BE HOUSING THAT
WOULD BE SUITABLE FOR THAT
POPULATION.
FURTHER DISCUSSION ON FAVOR
POST IT IS APPROVED SEE TO AN
AUDIENCE TO ADD CHAPTER FIFTY
CHAPTER SEVENTY FIVE LEAF
BLOWERS TO TITLE SIX OF CITY
MOVE BY COUNCILOR CORNELL
SUCCUBI KELTS MIREIA DISCUSSION
PLEASE OF SETU COUNTERMARCH NO
THANK YOU.
>> I FIRST OF ALL I THINK A
CITY ATTORNEY'S OFFICE AND THE
OFFICE OF SUSTAINABILITY FOR
BEING EXCELLENT PARTNERS AND
WORKING THROUGH THIS ORDINANCE
CHANGE WE KNOW THAT GAS LEAF
BLOWERS GENERATE TWENTY THREE
TIMES MORE TWENTY THREE TIMES
THE CARBON DIOXIDE OF AN F ONE
FIFTY AND WE KNOW THAT THOSE
EMISSIONS HAVE BEEN LINKED TO A
MYRIAD OF DEBILITATING HEALTH
ISSUES.
WHEN WE LOOK AT THE COST
ANALYSIS NOT JUST THE HEALTH
PART OF IT, THERE'S A POSITIVE
RETURN ON INVESTMENT AND
BATTERY POWERED LEAF BLOWERS
AND ABOUT TEN MONTHS THAT'S ALL
IT TAKES TO PAY FOR ITSELF WHEN
IT COSTS OVER A THOUSAND
DOLLARS A YEAR TO RUN A GAS
POWERED COMMERCIAL LEAF BLOWER
AND CERTAINLY MUCH MORE FOR
LARGER ONES WHICH IS TWICE THE
COST OF THE BLOWER ITSELF.
SO THERE'S OVER ONE HUNDRED
CITIES AND TOWNS ACROSS THE
COUNTRY THAT HAVE BANNED OR
RESTRICTED THE USE OF GAS
POWERED LEAF BLOWERS AND I'M
EXCITED TO SEE ANN ARBOR
CONSIDER DOING IT THE SAME
TONIGHT TO CLARIFY WHAT THE
ORDINANCE IS IS THAT GAS LEAF
BLOWERS WOULD BE BANNED IN THE
CITY IN A PHASED IN APPROACH.
THIS WOULD BE AN IMMEDIATE BAN
DURING OFF SEASON WHILE GAS
LEAF BLOWERS WILL STILL BE
ALLOWED TO BE USED IN THE CITY
FROM OCTOBER 1ST TO MAY 30TH
THROUGH THE YEAR OF TWENTY
TWENTY SEVEN.
AND THE IDEA FOR THIS WAS NOT
TO CREATE FINANCIAL HARDSHIP
FOR HOMEOWNERS OR FOR
COMMERCIAL OPERATORS.
SO THE IDEA IS THAT ESPECIALLY
THOSE COMMERCIAL OPERATORS
MONOPOD BUSINESSES THAT THEY
WOULD STILL BE ABLE TO USE
THEIR LEAF BLOWERS GAS DURING
THE BUSY SEASON AND THEN
AMORTIZE THE EQUIPMENT OVER
TIME WHILE INTEGRATING ELECTRIC
INTO THEIR OPERATIONS.
I THINK WE'RE WHEN WE CONSIDER
ALSO THE NOISE THAT COMES WITH
THAT AS PART OF IT.
I KNOW THAT I'VE HEARD A LOT
OF POSITIVE COMMENTS NOT ONLY
ON THE ENVIRONMENTAL BENEFITS
OF THIS BUT THE HEALTH AND A
LOT OF PEOPLE ARE VERY
FRUSTRATED BY THE SOUND THAT
GAS LEAF
BLOWERS MADE.
>> SO THERE'S THERE'S A LOT
OF BENEFITS TO THIS FURTHER
DISCUSSION BECAUSE HE HAD ONE.
THANK YOU.
SO FIRSTLY I WANT TO THANK THE
SPONSORS OF THIS ORDINANCE.
I THINK IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT
AND IN GENERAL I AM SUPPORTIVE
OF PHASING OUT GAS POWERED LEAF
BLOWERS.
I UNDERSTAND THE HEALTH
CONCERNS.
HOWEVER, THE WAY THE ORDINANCE
IS CURRENTLY WRITTEN I HAVE
SOME CONCERNS WITH THE EQUITY
IMPACT SPECIFICALLY ON LOW
INCOME FIXED INCOME RESIDENTS,
SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS
ESPECIALLY MINORITY OWNED
BUSINESS OWNERS.
THERE ARE SEVERAL AMENDMENTS
THAT I AM WORKING ON WOULD SAY
STAFF.
I'VE ALSO CONTACTED THE CITY
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE TO GET SOME
CLARIFICATION ON SOME OF THE
AMENDMENTS AND UNFORTUNATELY
THEY DIDN'T HAVE TIME TO WORK
ON THEM BY THIS MEETING.
SOME OF THESE AMENDMENTS WOULD
INCLUDE HAVING A PROGRESSIVE
FILING INSTEAD OF IT JUST BEING
FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS
AUTOMATICALLY MAYBE BEING 50 TO
100 TO 250.
I THINK I JUST THINK THAT FINE
IS WAY TOO HIGH.
AND ALSO IF THE POINT IS TO
HAVE PEOPLE USE ELECTRIC LEAF
BLOWERS WHICH ARE MORE
EXPENSIVE TAKING MONEY AWAY
FROM THEM IS NOT GOING TO HELP
THEM PURCHASE THESE.
I ALSO THINK THAT THE MONEY
THAT IS COLLECTED FROM THIS
MINE SHOULD GO INTO A
TRANSITION FUND THAT WOULD
ASSIST LOW INCOME FIXED INCOME
RESIDENTS, SMALL BUSINESS
OWNERS TO BUY THIS NEW
EQUIPMENT THIS IS SOMETHING
THAT I'VE DISCUSSED WITH DR.
STULTS AND I'LL BE WRITING MORE
ABOUT THIS A RESOLUTION THAT
WILL BE FORTHCOMING.
I ALSO BELIEVE THAT THE
CURRENTLY PROPOSED TIMES AND
THIS ORDINANCE ARE TOO
RESTRICTED AND OVERLAP WITH
WORK HOURS BOTH EIGHT A.M. TO
SIX P.M. ON WEEKDAYS, 10 A.M.
TO FIVE P.M. ON WEEKENDS.
I THINK WE NEED TO LOOK AT THAT
A LITTLE BIT MORE PEOPLE DO
WORK ON THE WEEKENDS SO
ULTIMATELY I'M HOPING THAT
WHILE THESE AMENDMENTS ARE
CURRENTLY NOT READY AND THE
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE NEEDS TO SIGN
OFF ON THEM, I'M WORKING I'M
HOPING TO GET MORE INFORMATION
TO WORK WITH MY COLLEAGUES ON
THESE OVER THE COMING WEEKS AND
FOR THESE REASONS I WOULD LIKE
TO MAKE A MOTION TO POSTPONE
THIS ORDINANCE FOR TWO WEEKS SO
WE CAN GET MORE INFORMATION ON
THE EQUITY IMPACT SUCCUBI
KOTSIRAS LONG DISCUSSION OF THE
POSTPONEMENT GASMIER HARRISON
WHILE YES I AM ALSO AN SUPPORT
OF PHASING OUT GAS LEAF BLOWERS
I DO HAVE A FEW CONCERNS ABOUT
THE ORDINANCE.
THERE IS A DISCREPANCY IN
OPERATION HOURS GAS LEAF
BLOWERS COMPARED TO OUR
EXISTING NOISE ORDINANCE AND I
BELIEVE THIS MISALIGNMENT WILL
LIKELY LEAD TO CONFUSION AND
ALSO NONCOMPLIANCE AS A RESULT
THE LIMITED HOURS PERMITTED FOR
USING GAS LEAF BLOWERS ARE
INSUFFICIENT FOR HOMEOWNERS TO
MAINTAIN THEIR PROPERTIES
DIRECTLY IMPACTING THEIR DAY TO
DAY ACTIVITIES.
TRANSITIONING TO ELECTRIC LEAF
BLOWERS IS A SIGNIFICANT ASPECT
OF THIS ORDINANCE.
HOWEVER, WE DON'T HAVE A
FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM
FOR THIS TRANSITION WITHOUT
SUPPORT.
THE SHIFT TO MORE
ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY
OPTIONS BECOMES I BELIEVE
FINANCIALLY BURDENSOME
BURDENSOME FOR SOME OF OUR
RESIDENTS AND LOCAL LANDSCAPING
BUSINESSES.
THE PROPOSED FINES FOR
ORDINANCE VIOLATIONS YOU KNOW
FOR FOR MANY ARE EXCESSIVE AND
DISPROPORTIONATELY AFFECTS
LOWER INCOME RESIDENTS.
A MORE BALANCED APPROACH WOULD
BE TO IMPLEMENT A GRADUATED
PENALTY SYSTEM TAKING INTO
ACCOUNT INDIVIDUAL FINANCIAL
SITUATIONS.
I DO BELIEVE THAT THERE YOU
KNOW, MAYBE IF THERE HAD BEEN
SOME PUBLIC INPUT I OR WEIGH IN
ON THIS A KEY ASPECT IN
ENSURING ITS FAIRNESS AND
EFFECTIVENESS THESE ISSUES
WOULD NOT EXIST AND IN LIGHT
OF THESE POINTS I DO AGREE THAT
WE SHOULD POSTPONE THE
ORDINANCE.
THIS WILL ALLOW TIME TO ADDRESS
SOME OF THESE ISSUES THOROUGHLY
AND DEVELOP A MORE
COMPREHENSIVE AND VIABLE
APPROACH FOR THE DISCUSSION
COUNCIL BRAYER
, THANK YOU.
I SUPPORT THIS OVERALL I WAS A
CO-SPONSOR AFTER ALL BUT I DID
GET A CHANCE TO TALK WITH
COUNCIL MEMBER GOZI EDWYN TODAY
AND REALLY APPRECIATED THE
INPUT THAT SHE GAVE.
I THINK THIS IS PART OF THE
PROCESS IS ONLY A FEW COUNCIL
MEMBERS CAN WORK ON SOMETHING
AND BRING IT TO THE TABLE AT A
TIME IN ORDER TO AVOID OPEN
MEETINGS ACT VIOLATIONS.
SO NOW WE HAVE THE FULL BODY
TAKING A LOOK AT IT AND WE'VE
GOT MORE PEOPLE GIVING INPUT
AND ONE OF THE THINGS I REALLY
I SAY THIS OFTEN BUT THAT I
REALLY APPRECIATE ABOUT THIS
COUNCIL IS THE DIVERSITY
OF OPINIONS AND EXPERIENCES
THAT EVERYBODY BRINGS AND THE
ABILITY TO MAKE OUR LEGISLATION
EVEN BETTER AND MAKE SURE THAT
WORKS FOR EVERYBODY IN THE
COMMUNITY.
I PERSONALLY DO REALLY SUPPORT
THE IDEA OF A GRADUATED FINE
STRUCTURE IF WE CAN WORK THAT
OUT IN TERMS OF YOU KNOW, MAKE
IT FEASIBLE IN TERMS OF BEING
ABLE TO CHECK AND AND VERIFY
SOURCES, YOU KNOW, AMOUNTS
OF INCOME OR LEVELS OF INCOME
FOR FOLKS WHO GET FINED.
I ALSO RIGHT.
I WANT TO STATE A COUPLE OF THE
REASONS THAT I THAT I REALLY DO
SUPPORT THIS AND THAT I I DON'T
SUPPORT SORT OF EXTENDING THE
TIME LINE.
IT'S IT'S THE THE POLLUTION
FROM THESE FROM THESE AND THESE
ARE REALLY DIRTY TECHNOLOGIES
AND IT DOESN'T JUST HARM THE
ENVIRONMENT.
>> IT HARMS THE VERY PEOPLE WHO
ARE USING THEM.
AND SO I REALLY THINK THAT IT'S
A HEALTH AND SAFETY ISSUE, YOU
KNOW, NOT JUST FOR THE
COMMUNITY BUT FOR THE FOLKS WHO
ARE WHO ARE RELYING ON THESE
TECHNOLOGIES.
AND SO IF WE CAN USE MONEY FROM
OUR CLIMATE ACTION MILLAGE OR
FROM THE FINE FROM THE FINES
THAT WE COLLECT TO HELP PEOPLE
TRANSITION FASTER, I WANT TO
GET THEM NOT USING THESE FOR
THEIR OWN HEALTH AND SAFETY AS
SOON AS POSSIBLE.
AND SO THAT'S THAT'S PART OF MY
GOAL HERE.
YOU KNOW, ONE OF THE THINGS
THAT THAT I LEARNED IN IN IN
READING ABOUT THIS OPERATING A
COMMERCIALLY BLOWER FOR ONE
HOUR GENERATES AS MUCH
POLLUTION AS DRIVING A CAR
ABOUT ELEVEN HUNDRED MILES OR
SO FROM DENVER TO LOS ANGELES
FOR ONE HOUR OF ONE OF THESE
THINGS.
SO WE NEED TO WE NEED TO JUST
TRANSITION AS QUICKLY AS
POSSIBLE AND BUT I'M WILLING TO
SUPPORT THE POSTPONEMENT SO
THAT WE CAN WORK THROUGH SOME
OF THESE NEW CONCERNS HAVE BEEN
RAISED FURTHER DISCUSSION WITH
THIS WOMAN.
>> YES, BECAUSE KNOW I YOU AND
YOU KNOW I I TOO AGREE.
I KNOW IT'S EXTREMELY DIRTY.
IT'S YOU KNOW, IT REALLY
DAMAGES THE ENVIRONMENT.
IT KILLS POLLINATORS.
I'M IN TOTAL AGREEMENT.
I THINK FOR ME IT'S JUST THE
NATURE OF IT AS A WRITTEN RIGHT
NOW IT'S REALLY PUNITIVE AND
FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS FOR A LOT
OF AMERICANS AVERAGE AMERICAN
HAS LIKE TO TWO THOUSAND IN
SAVINGS RIGHT NOW IT'S A LOT
AND ACCORDING TO THE ORDINANCE
THAT FIVE HUNDRED DOLLAR FINE
WOULD GO INTO EFFECT IN TEN
DAYS IF SOMEONE WERE OPERATING
THE THE GAS LEAF BLOWER OUTSIDE
OF THESE NEW RESTRICTED TIMES.
SO OUTSIDE OF EIGHT TO SIX P.M.
ON WEEKDAYS OR TEN TO FIVE P.M.
ON SATURDAY OR SUNDAY.
SO AGAIN I I'M FOR THIS IN
PRINCIPLE.
I JUST WANT US TO FOCUS MORE ON
MORE OF A INCENTIVIZED KIND
OF EDUCATIONAL EFFORT AND LESS
PUNITIVE.
AND SO THE RESOLUTION THAT I'M
GOING TO BE WORKING ON WITH
WITH OSHA OVER THE COMING WEEKS
IS GOING TO BE TALKING ABOUT
OSHA LAUNCHING AN EDUCATIONAL
CAMPAIGN FOR BOTH RESIDENTS AND
SMALL BUSINESSES.
I'M SORRY FOR ALL BUSINESSES
LAUNCHING A BULK BUY PROGRAM
WHICH WILL INCLUDE COMMERCIAL
BUSINESSES OF ALL SIZES BECAUSE
THEY'LL HAVE MORE BUYING POWER
THAT WAY.
AND THEN IN ADDITION HOW THESE
HOW THIS TRANSITION FUND WILL
BE SET UP.
SO ALL THE MONEY THAT WILL COME
IN FROM THESE FINES WILL GO TO
THIS FUND WHICH OUR WILL HELP
TO MANAGE AND LOW INCOME FIXED
INCOME SMALL BUSINESS OWNERS,
MINORITY BUSINESS OWNERS CAN
ACCESS THOSE FUNDS TO HELP BUY
THIS NEW EXPENSIVE EQUIPMENT
WHICH IS NEEDED BUT IT'S
EXPENSIVE.
SO THANK YOU FOR THE DISCUSSION
KOTSENBURG CORNELL.
>> SO I WANT TO SAY I'M ALSO IN
SUPPORT OF DOING SO WE CAN WORK
SOME OF THE THINGS OUT.
I'M EXCITED TO WORK WITH YOU ON
THAT BUT I DID WANT TO CLARIFY
SOMETHING THAT COUNCIL MEMBER
GHAZI EDWYN SAID YOU CAN STILL
OPERATE YOUR GAS LEAF BLOWER
FROM OCTOBER 1ST TO MAY 30TH
THROUGH THE YEAR TWENTY TWENTY
SEVEN SO THAT YOU'RE CORRECT
ABOUT THE TIME BUT NOT FOR THE
DATE.
I WANTED TO MAKE SURE THAT THAT
WAS CLEAR SO THAT PEOPLE DIDN'T
THINK IF THEY USE THEIR GAS
POWERED LEAF BLOWER TOMORROW
THAT THEY WERE GOING TO GET A
FINE SO JUST TO CLARIFY THANK
YOU.
>> THANKS FOR THE DISCUSSION
OF THE POSTPONEMENT ROLL-CALL
VOTE PLEASE JOIN THE COUNCIL
MUKONO YES.
OH THAT ON NO NO WAIT WAIT WAIT
WAIT WAIT WAIT TO BE CALLED ON
THE POSTPONEMENT ON THE
POSTPONEMENT COUNCILMAN
MCCONNELL.
YES COUNCILMAN REDISH.
YES COUNCILMAN HARRISON.
YES.
COUNCILMAN SONG YES.
COUNCILMAN WATSON.
YES.
COUNCILMAN DENHA ABSENT
COUNCILMAN 01 YES.
MAYOR TAYLOR
YES.
COUNCILMAN AYER YES.
ELSMERE ACKMANN ABSENT FELDSPAR
BRIGGS YES.
COUNCILMAN CORNELL SORRY MOTION
DC ONE RESOLUTION TO APPROVE
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR COUNCIL
CALENDAR MOVE BY COUNCIL MEMBER
WATSON SECOND BY COUNCILOR
REDISH DISCUSSION PLEASE OF DC
ONE ON FAVOR POSED IT IS
APPROVED MISS COURT WE HAVE THE
PLEASURE OF A CLOSED SESSION
TODAY.
>> THANK YOU MAYOR.
YES I WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST
UNDER MCO FIFTEEN POINT TO SIX
EIGHT IN PARTICULAR SECTION
EIGHT EIGHT REGARDING A
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
MEMO PROVIDED TO COUNCIL ON
FRIDAY NOVEMBER 17TH JANUARY
MAYOR MOTION PLEASE TO GO INTO
CLOSED SESSION ON THAT BASIS
MOVE BY COUNCIL PERSONNEL
SECONDED BY COUNCIL MEMBER
BRINGS DISCUSSION ROLL-CALL
VOTE PLEASE START MCCONNELL
COUNCILOR CARNOT YES.
SMARTISH YES.
COUNCILOR HARRISON YES.
COUNCILOR SONG YES SIR.
WATSON YES.
COUNCILOR DENHA APSA
COUNTERMARCH 01 YES.
MAYOR TAYLOR YES.
COUNCILOR ER YES COUNCILOR
ACKMANN ABSENT COUNCILOR BRIGGS
YES.
MOTION CARRIES WE'RE IN CLOSED
SESSION
I'M SPEAKERS IN ALL
MINUTES ARE CONTACTS AT THREE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO SPEAK SO
PLEASE PAY CLOSE ATTENTION TO
THE TIME TIMER CLERK WILL
NOTIFY YOU WHEN 30 SECONDS ARE
REMAINING AND WHEN YOUR TIME'S
EXPIRED WHEN YOUR TIME'S
EXPIRED.
PLEASE INCLUDE YOUR REMARKS AND
SEE THE FLOOR.
OUR FIRST SPEAKER TODAY A
PUBLIC COMMENT OVERFLOW IS
BLAINE COLEMAN.
WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE THIRTY
THOUSAND PEOPLE WHO ISRAEL HAS
MURDERED IN THE GAZA STRIP JUST
IN THE LAST SIX WEEKS AT LEAST
13000 CHILDREN, WOMEN, MEN AND
THOUSANDS MORE ON TOP OF THAT
UNDER THE RUBBLE BURIED UNDER
THE GROUND.
YOU LOOK AT THAT AND YOU
UNDERSTAND WHY YPSILANTI
GALLICO HAD NO PROBLEM.
>> MR. COLEMAN, I BELIEVE YOUR
MICROPHONE IS OFF.
THANK THANK YOU FOR YOUR OK.
IF IT'S ON, MAYBE YOU CAN SET
MY CLOCK BACK A LITTLE PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
THANKS.
>> WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE
THIRTEEN THOUSAND PLUS
CHILDREN, WOMEN AND MEN WHO
WERE KILLED BY ISRAEL IN THE
GAZA STRIP IN THE LAST SIX
WEEKS MURDERED IT WAS A TURKEY
SHOOT.
IT WAS LIKE SHOOTING FISH IN A
BARREL ISRAEL KILLING ALL THOSE
PEOPLE WHO ARE CONFINED IN IT'S
LITTLE TINY SPACE CALLED THE
GAZA STRIP.
YOU LOOK AT THAT AND YOU
UNDERSTAND WHY YPSILANTI CITY
COUNCIL HAD NO PROBLEM
WHATSOEVER IN PASSING A
RESOLUTION UNANIMOUSLY AGAINST
MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL AND FOR
A CEASEFIRE IN THE GAZA STRIP.
YOU'LL HAVE NO TROUBLE
UNDERSTANDING IT.
LET ME SAY IT AGAIN THE
YPSILANTI CITY COUNCIL HAD NO
PROBLEM UNANIMOUSLY APPROVING A
RESOLUTION AGAINST MILITARY AID
TO ISRAEL TO THE APARTHEID
STATE OF ISRAEL AND THAT
RESOLUTION ALSO WAS FOR A
CEASEFIRE AND THE GAZA STRIP
NOW YPSILANTI CITY COUNCIL HAD
NO PROBLEM DOING THAT.
I HAVE TO DISAGREE VERY
STRONGLY WITH ANN ARBOR CITY
COUNCIL MEMBER LYNN SWANN WHO
IS NOT AT THE TABLE WHO CLAIMED
THAT SOMEHOW ANN ARBOR CAN'T DO
THAT.
ANN ARBOR HAS DONE THAT MANY
TIMES REGARDING SOUTH AFRICA,
REGARDING BURMA, REGARDING
WENDI'S WORKERS AND ARBOR CITY
COUNCIL HAS MANY TIMES APPROVED
RESOLUTIONS REGARDING THINGS
OUTSIDE THE CITY LIMITS OF ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN AND IT CAN
AGAIN AND AGAIN IT MIGHT MEAN
THAT AT ELECTION TIME WE HAVE
TO THROW OUT THESE GUYS YOU SEE
SITTING IN FRONT OF YOU ON THE
CITY COUNCIL.
BUT ONE WAY OR ANOTHER THE ANN
ARBOR CITY COUNCIL WILL DO AS
THE YPSILANTI CITY COUNCIL DID
AND THEY WILL APPROVE THE
RESOLUTION WHICH IS REALLY A NO
BRAINER VERY SIMPLE RESOLUTION.
OF COURSE WE ARE AGAINST
MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL AND
OF COURSE WE WANT A CEASE FIRE
SO ISRAEL STOPS MASS MURDERING
HUMAN BEINGS IN THE GAZA STRIP
.
>> YOU MIGHT KNOW ALREADY THAT
SOUTH AFRICA TODAY IS DEMANDING
THE ARREST OF NETANYAHU.
>> SOUTH AFRICA KNOWS WHAT
APARTHEID IS.
>> SOUTH AFRICA KNOWS THAT
ISRAEL IS COMMITTING MASSIVE
WAR CRIMES AGAINST THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE.
LISTEN AND APPROVE THE
RESOLUTION AGAINST MILITARY AID
TO ISRAEL.
>> THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS DR. OMAR
EBEID
.
>> OH YEAH.
HELLO Y'ALL.
THANK YOU FOR HEARING ME OUT.
I I DIDN'T FEEL GOOD LIKE I WAS
KIND OF BLURTING THINGS OUT.
I KNOW YOU GUYS HAVE TO KEEP
THINGS IN ORDER.
I RESPECT THAT.
BUT THERE'S ALSO THIS ORDER
OF HUMANITY GOING ON EXCUSE ME
JEN IF IF IF IF YOU CAN PLEASE
PAY ATTENTION AND WHERE IS
JINSONG BECAUSE I'D LIKE TO
HAVE HER TO COME HERE AND
RESTART.
I'LL WAIT FOR HER.
SHE'S WENT TO THE RESTROOM.
OK, IF YOU COULD TURN MY CLOCK
BACK.
SO I JUST WANT TO SAY AGAIN
THAT I
FEEL BAD THAT I BLURTED
THINGS OUT BUT JUST AND I
RESPECT YOU GUYS HAVE TO KEEP
ORDER.
YOU KNOW, YOU READ ABOUT THE
WATER, YOU READ ABOUT
ELECTRICITY, YOU WORRIED ABOUT
WHATEVER THE HOUSING BUT WHAT
ISRAEL HAS CUT OFF THE WATER.
CAN YOU IMAGINE THAT COLLECTIVE
PUNISHMENT IS A WAR CRIME AND
THE MOST SUPREME WAR CRIME
POSSIBLE IMAGINABLE IS CUTTING
OFF BASIC NEEDS AND THE MOST
BASIC NEED THAT YOU COULD CUT
OFF IS WATER REALLY POOR 70
PERCENT WATER AND I HOPE SISTER
AISHA AS A HUMAN RIGHTS IF SHE
IF SHE CAN RAISE US ALL HAVE TO
DO IS JUST YOU BECAUSE YOU
COULD DO IT RIGHT NOW YOU CAN
DO IT RIGHT NOW AND THEN TWO
WEEKS LATER IT'S GOING TO BE
IT'S GOING TO VOTE ON IT.
JUST BE A MAN, BE A WOMAN, BE A
HUMAN BEING.
YOU GOT YOU GUYS DID THIS FOR
SOUTH AFRICA.
YOU GUYS DID THIS FOR BURMA.
YPSILANTI DID THE SAME THING.
SO WHY AREN'T WE DOING IT?
WE SHOULD DO IT IF THE
HOLOCAUST WAS GOING ON YOU DO
THE SAME THING OR IT'S OUT
OF OUR SCOPE.
NO, WE SHOULD WE SHOULD DO IT
WHEN WHEN JEWISH PEOPLE ARE
SUFFERING, WHEN PALESTINIAN
PEOPLE ARE SUFFERING.
A LOT OF JEWISH PEOPLE ARE IN
THE FOREFRONT.
JEWISH VOICE FOR JEWISH VOICE
GVP JEWISH VOICE FOR PEACE IF
NOT NOW AND THERE ON THE
FOREFRONT YOU GUYS ARE SEEING
THE PROTESTS BECAUSE THEY KNOW
THEY'RE BEING HUMAN BEINGS AND
THERE'S A LOT OF FIXED GOING ON
.
OH, YOU KNOW, IF WE DON'T DO IT
THEN THIS THIS SAME THING WILL
HAPPEN AGAIN.
NO, WE WON'T BECAUSE ISRAEL
KNOWS THAT THEY WERE PAYING
ATTENTION.
THEY WERE RELYING ON HIGH TECH
TECHNOLOGY.
THEY FELL ASLEEP AND THAT'S
WHAT THIS THING HAPPENED.
OF COURSE IT WON'T HAPPEN
AGAIN.
THEY'RE GOING TO THE GAZANS
LIKE THE CHINESE THE BORDER WE
GIVE THEM BILLIONS AND BILLIONS
AND BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND
BILLIONS OF DOLLARS.
THEY CAN PUT SOME PEOPLE THERE
AND LOOK AROUND AND IF THERE'S
A POLITICAL SOLUTION, THE
MILITARY STUFF, YOU KNOW, HAMAS
WILL DISAPPEAR.
AND AGAIN, PLEASE TELL THIS TO
YOUR IDEA FUNDER'S YOU DON'T
TELL THEM THAT THIS THING WON'T
HAPPEN AGAIN BECAUSE THEY KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS IF THEY'RE GOING
TO PAY ATTENTION AND IF THERE'S
A POLITICAL SOLUTION IF
INDIGENOUS PEOPLE CAN ALSO LIVE
IN DIGNITY AND HAVE THEIR OWN
STATE, THEN THERE WON'T BE
THERE WILL BE AN END OF WHAT'S
GOING ON BECAUSE THIS IS OUR
MONEY THAT'S THAT THAT THAT'S
LEADING TO THIS THING.
I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO GET A
A 30 SECOND THING YOUR CONTROL
YOUR OWN TIME, SIR.
THE KOTSENBURG SONG WAS NOT
ABLE TO BE HERE FOR SORRY CAN I
JUST HAVE THIRTY SECONDS THEN
OR SO SO I'M JUST I'M JUST
APPEALING TO YOU ALL YOU ALL
YOU'RE GOING TO MEET GOD ONE
DAY OK YOU'RE GOING TO BE GOD
ONE DAY AND YOU'RE GOING TO
HAVE TO YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO
ANSWER FOR THIS SO YOU'RE
SAYING THAT OR YOU CAN THROW US
OUT OF THE CHAMBER BECAUSE
WE'RE DOING SOMETHING OUT
OF ORDER?
WELL, I'M SAYING EACH ONE
OF YOU IS GOING TO THROW THROWN
OUT LET ME FINISH.
IT'S GOING TO BE THROWN OUT
OF THE CHAMBER AND I DON'T WANT
THAT TO HAPPEN.
I LOVE EACH OF YOU.
I LOVE MYSELF.
WE GOT TO DO IT.
WE GOT TO DO THE RIGHT THING.
JUST WRITE IT UP NOW AND TWO
WEEKS LATER IS PAST JUST LIKE
YPSILANTI.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS SHANKING
GOOD EVENING.
I'VE LOST TRACK OF TIME AND
I'VE BEEN SITTING HERE SINCE
7:00 P.M. AND THE THING THAT I
KEEP WONDERING IS FIVE THOUSAND
IT FIFTY THOUSAND WOULD YOU
PASS THE RESOLUTION THEN
?
ARE YOU WAITING WAITING FOR HOW
MANY MORE TO DIE BEFORE YOU
GUYS WILL SPEAK UP AND SAY
SOMETHING?
I'M WAITING.
YOU SAY SAME FLAT FACE, NO
EMOTIONS, NOTHING.
THE SAME THING WILL BE DONE.
MAYBE YOU CAN LIVE WITH
YOURSELF.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M GOING TO COURT TIME THE
FEDERAL ASTRONAUT AN INTERVIEW
WITH RADIO CALL.
THIS IS THE MINISTER
OF HERODOTUS.
HE WAS ASKED HE SAID THAT THEY
SHOULD DROP A NUCLEAR BOMB ON
GAZA AND HE WAS ASKED ON RADIO
AND HE SAID YEAH, THAT'S ONE
WAY.
SO YOU CAN THAT OR ARE YOU JUST
GOING TO STAY QUIET AND HIDE
BEHIND THE WE DON'T DO THIS
RESOLUTION ASKING HERE WHEN I
CAN QUOTE YOU THIS IS ONLINE
AVAILABLE RESOLUTION ARE THREE
SIXTY FOUR SEVEN EIGHTY SIX
APPROVED AS AMENDED AND IT SAYS
RESOLUTION BARRING PURCHASE
ORDERS OF GOODS PRODUCED IN
SOUTH AFRICA BECAUSE APARTHEID
REGIME IN SOUTH AFRICA HAS
SYSTEMATICALLY OF PEOPLE
OF COLOR AND BASIC HUMAN AND
POLITICAL RIGHTS TO NON WHITE
CITIZENS OF SOUTH AFRICA.
THIS IS CERTAINLY NO SO I STILL
WANT TO HIDE.
>> I AM SITTING AND WONDERING
IS IT REALLY DO YOU GET A LOT
OF POWER AND MONEY THAT COMES
WITH THIS WHERE YOU GO TO SLEEP
AND HAVE NO CONSCIENCE?
>> IS THIS JOB REALLY ALL THAT
GREAT?
I'M JUST WONDERING YEAH.
SO SO I'M GOING TO STAND HERE
UNTIL MY TIME'S UP AND JUST
WATCH YOU GUYS SUFFER AND WHEN
YOU GO TO BED THOSE KIDS THE
GUYS THAT ARE SUFFERING YOU CAN
SEEK OUT THOSE GUYS WHO CAN
FIND HUMANITY IN YOURSELF AND
SPEED UP THOSE KIDS DIED NO
ARMS AND NO LEGS.
WHITEWALL FOR WAS USED YOU CAN
SEE THE BURNED KIDS GUYS AND
YOU CAN'T EVEN OPEN YOUR TONGUE
.
I FEEL BAD FOR YOU.
THAT'S ALL I'M GOING TO SAY.
>> I WOULDN'T WANT THIS TO
HAPPEN TO ME OR ANYONE.
>> IT'S A SHAME.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU
.
>> MAY HAVE A MOTION TO ADJOURN
PLEASE MOVE BY COUNSEL
MCCONNELL.
SECOND MY COUNSEL PRIOR
DISCUSSION OR FAVOR POSED.
WE'RE ADJOURNED.
THANK YOU.
>> IT WAS